and again, i think this will be a world record.
ryan lobo has traveled the world, taking photographs that tell stories of unusual human lives. in this haunting talk, he reframes controversial subjects with empathy, so that we see the pain of a liberian war criminal, the quiet strength of un women peacekeepers and the perseverance of delhi's underappreciated firefighters.
they cannot have money go away from their paycheck into a 401 plan before they see it, before they can touch it.
light 'em all up.
then all of a sudden my left hemisphere comes back online, and it says to me, hey we got a problem
but that day i flew low over the islands -- it was a family trip to the caribbean, and i flew in a small plane low over the islands.
i think these are the four principles that go into this.
now i will interact. so a different person all the time, so not the same person can answer.
and i think that if you're not, there's probably something inherently wrong with the structure or the situation you're in, if you're a designer.
so as we eat, the camera starts pulling out, and then we start interacting with kind of larger and larger organisms.
right? so these have been calibrated to your level of expertise.
i said, well, tell him that i was asked by this little girl's grandmother to find a family for her.
that environment, people, are in these tight feedback loops and creating a kind of scaffolding that has not been noticed until now.
and those are titan and enceladus. titan is saturn's largest moon, and, until cassini had arrived there, was the largest single expanse of unexplored terrain that we had remaining in our solar system.
when you see a diagram like this, i don't want you to be afraid.
httpwww.ted.comtalkssarahkaminsky.html
how dare we be optimistic?
at that point, what's going to happen?
all of us here have great minds.
anyway, it was a time when i was mainly interested in collecting imaginary stories.
it's been deployed in washington d.c. to track snow cleanup.
you see it in the middle east people who, from gaza, are firing missiles at israel.
and life is really, too.
i wanted to visualize the story of life.
it's kind of cool. songwriters can sort of get away with murder.
a great percentage of the kids that ate the marshmallow, they were in trouble.
well, these guys measured all of those things.
but interestingly, anonymous does not make use of its hacked information for financial gain.
you'll see that start right here.
and then you have poor old taste, which is like barely the throughput of a pocket calculator.
the way that we did this is we tried to start with emily herself, who was gracious enough to come to our laboratory in marina del rey, and sit for a session in light stage 5.
it turns out half of those kids, or about 1.8 million newborns around the world, would make it if you could just keep them warm for the first three days, maybe the first week.
why do we all want to do that? i even owned a tudor thing once myself.
and they're very simple, easy to understand.
everybody's betting their life on something.
i lived in stratford-on-avon until about five years ago.
so they come in with the two perspectives i have, you know?
httpwww.ted.comtalksmarcotempesttheelectricriseandfallofnikolatesla.html
we need new tools and new approaches.
it means it's determined and effective, but not violent.
what i'm saying is our approach is simply unsustainable.
and as the saying goes, when angry, you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
and you can see that the camera is tracking him and erasing.
guess who was the performing guest?
but what, exactly, is spider silk?
i signed up for something called the personal genome project.
the next time, after the 15th toss.
but in general, this is what we've got.
and he received first-line chemotherapy.
i've taken one shot; i cropped it a few different ways.
i jump out next to her going, don't you move
now, it's often said that getting closer and closer to the fundamental laws by examining phenomena at low energies, and then higher energies, and then higher energies, or short distances, and then shorter distances, and then still shorter distances, and so on, is like peeling the skin of an onion.
and it's basically a meat locker.
on the occasion of my first visit, we toured his house and we saw hundreds of works of museum quality, and then we paused in front of a closed door and dr. robicsek said, with obvious pride, now for the piece de resistance.
the american will say, i am because i am, and i can damn well do anything i want, anytime.
at the top of the screen, you're seeing the repeat unit from the dragline silk of a garden argiope spider.
most of our planet is in eternal darkness.
there are many, many ways of imprinting cds or dvds, but those are all being standardized as well.
i got the camera angle wrong. that one is just amateur stuff, but what she was saying, as you could make out, was about neurons, with her hands were like that, and she was saying neurons communicate.
people began to make music specifically for discos and for those sound systems.
but war isn't the only reason that life is difficult in the drc.
and so what does that look like? typical.
down the road, there was another building, a nice visual structure horizontal, vertical elements, little decorative lines going across, these magenta squiggles, the workmen being reduced to decorative elements, just a nice, kind of, breakup of the urban place.
so, madantusi seemed to show that language is not a barrier; in fact they may be able to teach themselves the language if they really wanted to.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobertlangfoldswayneworigami.html
sir david attenborough, he's come over.
let's see how your experience simulators are working.
which is the truth. it's their oil.
and i rang sir bob ayling, who was ceo of ba at the time, and said, mate, we've got this invitation.
so we're driving home and she's looking out the window, and she goes, mom. what if two just people saw each other on the street, like a man and a woman, they just started doing it. would that ever happen?
and i came to the conclusion that while dilemma is unique, dilemma is not unique; the solution had to be unique.
we are going to destroy the earth. hmmm ... maybe not.
and mutations that damage the tor gene -- just like the daf-2 mutations -- extend lifespan in worms and flies and mice.
i think he would have said, i don't need this.
how is the brain able to do this?
where's the brain trust that's in error here?
i can look at your clicking patterns.
it's not slavishly mimicking -- although al is trying to get the hairdo going -- it's not a slavish mimicry; it's taking the design principles, the genius of the natural world, and learning something from it.
20 years ago, tim berners-lee invented the world wide web. for his next project, he's building a web for open, linked data that could do for numbers what the web did for words, pictures, video unlock our data and reframe the way we use it together.
and then backtrack innovations within that.
the second is giving extra money to people who get their master's degree.
so this is a solution to a situation where china's going to have many, many, many cities over 20 million people.
but of course, the sikhs might give you a job on a platter -- the jews make it hard international competition, phase one, phase two, phase three.
and what's true for sensory information is true for information generally.
so clear. maybe a little bit over-clear.
contestants also put themselves forward.
listen very carefully.
so, how could this happen?
you're driven to do something that everyone has told you is impossible.
and one of my biggest failures as a marketer in the last few years, a record label i started that had a cd called sauce.
so they went on about their business and from a foot away, we're watching mating and courting and fighting and it is just an unbelievable experience.
so of course, when you educate a girl, she tends to get married later on in life, she tends to have kids later on in life, she tends to have fewer kids, and those kids that she does have, she educates them in a more enlightened fashion.
now, not all these things were highly successful.
we started with a motor with a little lever, a little force transfuser.
it was the world's first popular computer.
country 1, that has a longer system of railways, is actually india.
it's the styrofoam and chocolate game.
so here's two questions that i have in my head when i think about this problem.
i decided to follow her to school.
foreign policy,global issues,military,peace,politics,war
and toward the end, he said, if you would know the pine tree, go to the pine tree.
this is the particular additional habitat requirement of humanity.
students a t-shirt. a dress.
that doesn't make any sense. you just figure out a way to make more money faster.
and it seems like those dance heroes have disappeared, sort of relegated to the background of pop stars and music videos.
i can't wait to see what we tedsters do about this crisis.
then andrew flintoff came by from england, he got one and a half million dollars, and he went back and said, for four weeks, i'm earning more than frank lampard and steven gerrard, and i'm earning more than the footballers, wow.
or perhaps i can assemble one out of dot and dash ice cubes -- ice cube morse code.
read the license.
so i went and saw amr moussa at the league of arab states.
we want a better way.
all you can tell is, there's a lot of swelling bronchiolitis.
so in the 1950s, miller-urey did their fantastic chemical frankenstein experiment, where they did the equivalent in the chemical world.
something that they're doing is clearly successful enough that this pattern of haphazard contacts, in the aggregate, produces something that allows ants to make a lot more ants.
it's still quicker to do that and more practical.
and in the corner of one of these -- one of my notes, is this note that says, when asked, what do you think of conventional foie gras?
and if, but only if, we invest in the right green technology -- so that we can avoid severe climate change, and energy can still be relatively cheap -- then they will move all the way up here.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdavidkeithssurprisingideasonclimatechange.html
and he showed that gasses such as co2 absorb heat, thus acting like a blanket warming earth's surface.
when you run the numbers on a calculator, you run out of noughts.
judging by the healing on the borders of these holes, they lived days, months, years following trephination.
let me tell you about mahabuba.
and the gag is that, of course, these aren't just running through the market.
so here's my question to you what are you waiting for?
what's happening here, in the middle of the 17th century, was that what became my field -- science, experimental science -- was pulling itself away, and it was in a physical way, because we're going to do it in this room over here, but it was also what -- it was an amazing thing that happened.
that's david letterman.
the sun is eight minutes ago. that's not such a big deal, right, unless there's solar flares coming then you want to get out the way.
and i watched her walk up on stage in her red short dress, and high heels, and she stood there and she said, my name is marsha.
i showed here two years ago a little bit about a design of your basic, uncompromised, quintupled-efficiency suburban-assault vehicle -- -- and this is a complete virtual design that is production-costed manufacturable.
imagine you are being asked to pay a bribe in your day-to-day life to get something done.
but the problem is that it's a really ugly patty.
to get the symmetrical shape of the horse was very difficult, because i had to get the horse to rear up and look as though it was in some kind of action.
i've not time to go into more of it.
it is the responsibility of everybody because it will determine what kind of planet and what kind of bodies we will have in the future.
zeus battling chronos for control of mount olympus.
it's easy to ask questions about how did life begin, or what extends beyond the universe, but to question what you think to be true already is really stepping into that space.
she could teach our financial advisers a few things or two.
and here we go. here we go.
this is a diagram of the u.s. counterinsurgency strategy in afghanistan.
and so we need to do better at copying their natural environment to get them to thrive.
i want somebody who knows, who can change the world out there.
some of them have a very precarious thin footbridge underneath them that could give way at a moment's notice, taking your sled, you, into the abyss, never to be seen again.
nothing to do with his teeth or his tongue or his lungs or anything like that -- purely has to do with its conscious control of its breath.
and the first of these is to connect, is that your social relationships are the most important cornerstones of your life.
we didn't calculate that precisely, but we understand that's very expensive.
this is a long, slow process -- one of the things i like about it, it's multi-generation.
how would we know it?
but as we look, what's out there, we've barely scratched the surface on what is available on this planet.
i know folks said to me they believe it was one of the greatest errors in the history of the united states.
the less experience we have with them, the more glamorous they are.
actually, i kind of divide the world into two groups now.
but while we have the luxury of whining and complaining about who's paying for what and how much we get, the people that are out there giving us that great privilege of whining and complaining, i know what they deserve everything humanly possible.
massive solution to the problem.
as a youngster, i was very interested in model airplanes, indoor models, outdoor models, everything, which i just thought was a lot of fun, and wondered why most other people didn't share my same enthusiasm with them.
it's a quite amazing development which has happened.
these are all troubles outside of myself.
and you don't know what the future will hold, but it's not going to get a lower percentage.
so we perceive nothing as what it really is.
when they were able to make stuff in the game they had a tremendous amount of empathy in connection to it. even if it wasn't as pretty as what other people would make it -- as a professional artist would make for games -- it really stuck with them and they really cared about what would happen to it.
dh everything up here's ok?
catherine mohr builds green
and as you think about that, you've got to wonder so what do banks have in store for you now?
that the correct summit -- that all of our students, every high school graduate should know -- should be statistics probability and statistics.
now, the monitor is just as limited as the page, technically, right?
we go back to walter reed, and a kid, literally, 20 some-odd days before that was blown up.
terrifying, because we have stronger opinions about our hand-held devices than about the moral framework we should use to guide our decisions.
a particle that hasn't been seen yet, but we're pretty sure exists, is the higgs particle, which gives masses to all these other particles.
and as this article points out, the average native of any city in china you know, back then it was a way to show that you were sophisticated and cosmopolitan if you were a guy and you wanted to impress a girl, you could take her out on a chop suey date.
and if you want an example of perseverance, grit and strength in a beautiful, little package, it is her.
and this speed, combined with today's high-performance micro-controllers, allows us to actually simulate, in this piece, over 17,000 leds -- using just 64.
they're laughing because he said, draw from the middle-right to the middle, and he kind of messed up.
because for years people had bought this software, tried it out -- 95 percent accuracy was all they got, which means one in 20 words is wrong -- and they put it in their drawer. and the company got sick of that, so they said, this version, we're not going to do anything but make sure it's darned accurate.
this is a picture of a trainer's whistle, a whistle a trainer will blow to tell a dolphin it's done the right thing and can come get a fish.
who would have thought that a mass retailer could make money by going green? who would have thought that a database entrepreneur could transform california with legislation?
and it has no dna.
and we all, kind of, know how to read these signals now.
so let me invite you to consider taking the third side, even as a very small step.
most of the time, feeling and reality are the same.
it's the same for the first two parts of the sequence.
darwin wouldnt make sense in an aristotelian universe, and wouldnt really make sense in a newtonian universe.
in the suburbanized, dual-income united states, stay-at-home moms are actually missing the social infrastructure that comes from extended family and local, small-scale neighborhoods.
it is made up of about 200 different types of proteins, thousands of proteins in total.
it couldn't be further from the truth for me.
i really believe that.
it was cooling down until about 1900 or so.
so, as an organization, we put together a prize discovery process of how to come up with prizes and write the rules, and we're actually looking at creating prizes in a number of different categories.
this pigeon does something that most homing pigeons do not do it takes the scenic route, which was a device that i felt was necessary to actually extend this book beyond about four pages.
in 2009, when the u.n. reviewed progress, they discovered that almost 100 million square-kilometers of seabed had been protected.
have a seat. you're safe here.
i needed something that would pull me out of all this.
yet in thousands of trials with american and european and japanese students, a significant percentage would reject any offer that's not close to 5050.
now they were getting 500,000 for six days' work.
i have two tentative male hands.
1289
data is the kind of ubiquitous resource that we can shape to provide new innovations and new insights, and it's all around us, and it can be mined very easily.
the secular world is full of holes.
and i get a call and we go back to washington.
but these are really high-performance athletic animals.
so i interviewed her in oakland, in a sushi restaurant.
so the goal here is to achieve sentience in machines, and not just sentience, but empathy.
and so what dave sifry at technorati started working on, literally as shirky started -- after he published his piece -- was something that basically just gave a new kind of priority to newcomers.
and in afghanistan, we're trying new approaches -- access negotiators.
there is the law in leviticus, you cannot shave the corners of your beard.
and so i did a lot of dirty things with chain link, which nobody will forgive me for.
guitar hero came out of our lab, and my two teenage daughters and most of the students at the mit media lab are proof that if you make the right kind of interface, people are really interested in being in the middle of a piece of music, and playing it over and over and over again.
for those of you who don't know him, he's the great british explorer.
and most importantly, what we do is we use a rigorous, and often uncomfortable, process of physical therapy and occupational therapy to retrain the nerves in the nervous system to respond normally to the activities and sensory experiences that are part of everyday life.
because if you happen to find this one inside your body, you're in big trouble, because that's the source code for ebola.
we are nearly on the edge of a crisis, but we still have an opportunity to face the greatest challenge of our generation and, in fact, of our century.
and there you see a week of weather at 9,400 feet on mount washington.
we've come a long way since then.
it was significant for another reason. this is an international mission, and this event was celebrated in europe, in germany, and the celebratory presentations were given in english accents, and american accents, and german accents, and french and italian and dutch accents.
that is a human tragedy.
they can start to look at common pathways -- other things that they simply haven't been able to do before.
the 109th air national guard flew the most recent shipment of ice back to the coast of antarctica, where it was boarded onto a freighter, shipped across the tropics to california, unloaded, put on a truck, driven across the desert to the national ice core laboratory in denver, colorado, where, as we speak, scientists are now slicing this material up for samples, for analysis, to be distributed to the laboratories around the country and in europe.
and when you feed these kids bad food, that's what they're learning. so that's really what this is all about.
what happens when a black man visits aspen? singersongwriter stew and his band are about to let you know.
we probably went through it yesterday, or the day before, or the day before that.
the second problem is that the planet that we have is being used in wildly unfair ways. right?
the personal debt-to-income ratio basically went from 65 percent to 135 percent in the span of about 15 years.
and then also my family was in chaos, and i drew to try to bring my family together -- -- try to bring my family together with laughter.
now, i am not a scientist.
the problem with using living people is that to take an x-ray, if i x-ray you, you get exposed to radiation.
you should turn it into mcdonald's.
welcome to thailand.
heck, it was everything. so we ended up writing a marketing brochure.
and yet, if you look at whale sharks, which is the other plankton eating large shark, its diversity is much greater.
so he sat down -- and i imagine he had nothing more than a simple piece of paper and a pencil -- and he tried to write down, and did write down, the simplest function that he could think of which had the boundary conditions that the wave function vanish when things touch and is smooth in between.
it's children's delight, a teacher's envy, as they say.
you know, it's 12 -- it's 13.7 billion light years, and it's not a guess.
underneath this, like the story of the swan, is a million things very difficult to do.
dh please hold my wrist, will you. bf yeah, hold this a minute.
in the fashion industry, there's very little intellectual property protection.
and this is my life.
you label them. you do some high-tech things here and there, some low-tech things here and there.
these are the people who don't mind classical music.
and it's this science, which is not only enlightening our understanding of the biological world, but also transforming our world faster than ever.
and how would that change the experience for the patient?
children,compassion,poetry,spoken word
and so i thought, how could we address the energy crisis in this country?
the answer is, you need to use technology to do it for you.
to tell the story from the inside out, versus the outside in?
oops.
and you can see, in some years over 60 percent of the fledglings were oiled.
and the idea is basically, can it look at you and make you feel as if like, what? is it my shoes?
there was one object that i could not get my hands on, and that was the 1947 cheval blanc.
and so, asks the economist the first artificial organism and its consequences.
i usually say to people, when they say, what do you do?
the handle enables you to hold it when the container is filled with hot liquid.
so nobody likes particularly to -- you know, aftershave with carcinogens.
1537
what i hope is that beyond individual merciful acts, that you will tell the politicians to do right by africa, by america and by the world.
obviously she's an artist; she's a creative person.
if you want coffee you have to pay for it yourself. it's two euros 50.
boy yeah.
so that screw that you thought about beforehand can actually be used to screw a bone together -- a fractured bone together -- and deliver drugs at the same, while your bone is healing, for example.
david hoffman on losing everything
but on the other hand, we have 14 billion of these light bulbs, light.
it's called schizophrenia, and you are dead also.
the first cancer was done, which was brain cancer.
purging is basically hyperventilating.
question how much faster did this group solve the problem?
and, yeah, we can look back in retrospect and say, yeah, ha-ha, you know -- it's all microfilm. but that's -- that's not the point. he understood the shape of the future.
so, what is going on?
we need wal-mart and every other company to do the same.
i really have it figured out, so that i can advise people about death and dying, so that i can talk about mysticism and the human spirit.
306
we put the mops in the hallway and re-engineered the thing and that's where we recorded the first grammy.
this was the first one.
so the rhythms could be pretty intact too, pretty concise.
now there are layers of technical wonder behind sites such as swaptree, but that's not my interest, and nor is swap trading, per se.
and if you can do that, then you have life.
because we've got to stop, we've got to do something where we unite -- separate from all the politics and religion that, as a young person, is confusing me.
and now it's 2010, and there are 99 heroes from 99 different countries.
this isn't 10,000, it's the local currency.
in this diagram, every node is a neuron, and every line is a connection.
you'll see -- let's see, it's coming up possibly at the very end -- maybe not.
this is a segment that sanjay gupta actually took care of.
these two stanzas contain, i think, the deepest insights that have ever been attained into moral psychology.
walking upright, we are told, is the threshold of what made us human.
i mean, for instance, i've had to -- you know, i've been running the largest group of private companies in europe, but haven't been able to know the difference between net and gross.
towards the end of their life, they become nearly free.
i'm at a business school, so that's what we do.
and i'm thinking, what the heck?
and it was while i was doing my ph.d.
what's interesting about it is not the shape.
that's why i like what i do.
but according to a really great science historian you might know, peter galison -- he teaches at harvard -- what nanotechnology in particular and quantum physics have brought to designers is this renewed interest, this real passion for design.
but, you could set us to work thinking about questions like, suppose it isn't just canada that does the deal with raul castro.
that's what this is about.
and the final point i want to make is that i think this project worked well because we engaged all the stakeholders that buy into this project and are important to consider in bringing the technology from inception of an idea through innovation, validation, commercialization and dissemination, and that cycle has to start and end with end users.
i think one of the problems about school mathematics is it doesn't look at how mathematics is embedded in the world we live in.
i got drawn into this community and i began to take pictures there.
and she thought it was too funny to not include it anyway.
then the efficiency of such a base station is only at about five percent.
christian principles, christian values.
but basically, the reason why i make toys like this is because i think if there's one difference i could possibly make in the world, that i would choose to make, it's that i would like to somehow give people just a little bit better calibration on long-term thinking.
i still have that dream.
so what might look like a problem within islamic faith might turn out to be a tradition that muslims have subscribed to.
in the shared future, it will be just that, shared.
it is saving the tigers.
so i've studied a lot about stem cells -- embryonic stem cells are particularly powerful.
and our translation of that, using a lot of the thinking built up over the 40 years, is to say, what if that, instead of being just a pipe, what if it is a lifeline?
we want to know english and french and perhaps chinese, and we're good at languages.
this rebirth of grass. and then i went out for years trying to photograph the pristine landscape.
and this is very much like how the victorian novel used fog in this way.
i don't feel i can afford a relapse.
it could do the if then for basic programmers, and that fundamentally made it into a computer.
lauren zalaznick the conscience of television
but i think he will change his mind soon.
in other countries there is protection for our artful designs.
no. it should be go go gadget
i'm kind of into this stuff, and i'm going to stop being embarrassed.
look, you all are very well traveled; this is tedglobal after all.
if you have any questions, you can ask this guy, who's our director of national programs. he'll be on the phone.
he didn't know what death row meant.
i was born in switzerland and raised in ghana, west africa.
and in between those slits were the saddest eyes i've ever seen.
and in fact, were going to do that exercise right now.
these machines that came out -- they started coming in the 1970s -- they would scan human bodies, and they would generate about 100 images of the human body.
you want your kids to have a better life.
what these bees do is, they sit there. these solitary bees, they drill a hole in the ground or drill a hole in a branch, and they collect pollen and make it into a ball, and they lay an egg on it.
this down here, if the camera can see that, that is a small antenna.
we see where it's bouncing, but we don't see them as they exist.
these are the distances of the tubes which make it walk that way.
most retail sound is inappropriate and accidental, and even hostile, and it has a dramatic effect on sales.
so the annual death rate adds up to 150,000 -- sorry, the daily death rate -- 150,000 people per day, which is a huge number by any standard.
first accrue wealth, power, and prestige, then lose it.
in our era, a new approach to unify the laws of physics is being pursued by physicists such as myself, many others around the world, it's called superstring theory, as you were indicating.
so, what do we do about that?
antidepressants,business,consumerism,humor,life,productivity,psychology,shopping,short talk
thank you to the colleagues at kew, and thank you to palynologists everywhere.
and you can see this blending of traditional medicine, modern medicine, modern science.
but anyway, a friend of mine and i, dave hampton, decided to see if we could do like a single-cell organism.
they're threatened with a legal claim.
i don't call myself an industrial designer because i'm other things.
they have incredible insulation, so let's put some incredible insulation here.
in the words of president obama, if the taliban take over again, they will invite back al-qaeda, who will try to kill as many of our people as they possibly can.
students are looking at their watches, rolling their eyes, and they're all wondering at some point or another, man, how long is it going to take to fill up?
traditional lab tests for disease diagnosis can be too expensive and cumbersome for the regions most in need. george whitesides' ingenious answer, at tedxboston, is a foolproof tool that can be manufactured at virtually zero cost.
and you tend to find topics that are almost entirely african-american conversations.
and could africa get that sequencing wrong?
i mean, obviously the orchestra musicians playing beautifully, the vienna philharmonic orchestra.
it can be a very complicated thing, the ocean.
so let's start off looking at something rather not-so-small, something that we can see with our naked eye, and that's a bee. so when you look at this bee, it's about this size here, it's about a centimeter.
again you see the beautiful body language.
in the decades to come, 75 percent of the world's population will live in cities, and 50 of those cities will be of 10 million people or more.
fourteen years ago, i first encountered this ordinary material, fishnet, used the same way for centuries.
a second thing happened in kosovo, which kind of -- i need a quick gulp of water, forgive me.
and of course it's not just religious people who believe in the golden rule.
he's learning about how to keep a fire going.
but when did a bee actually ever give you an invoice?
and recently, i was in easter island, which is an incredibly beautiful place, and an incredibly mysterious place, because no matter where you go in easter island, you're struck by these statues, called the moai.
and these things happen all the time. you're making these predictions.
all spiders make silk at some point in their life.
biology,evolution,life,science
and perhaps this is the ultimate gift of feminism, that the personal is in fact the political.
it's not okay to write these kinds of things in classrooms today.
the consumer society is what you need for the industrial revolution to have a point.
so he said, all right. i get the point. he went back.
more and more, it's possible for grassroots hatred abroad to manifest itself in the form of organized violence on american soil.
and that's hard to -- that's hard to create -- but it is coming.
very famous, very accomplished italian mountaineer, reinhold messner, tried it in 1995, and he was rescued after a week.
for the billions spent on reconstruction, you can train masons for dollars on every house that they end up building over their lifetime.
the answer is no, and i think the reason why is because the web itself as a good example is profoundly bottoms-up.
thank you very much.
shit this is arguably the back end of the design of animals.
i had somebody on the bus out to the racetrack tell me about his sister calling him.
i didn't know if i could do that and preserve my art.
make it easy and give a kilo of lentils, you multiply immunization rate by six.
we usually distrust those areas that fall in between things.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmartinhanczycthelinebetweenlifeandnotlife.html
you're talking about biodensities and biodiversity, again, higher than the rainforest that just springs back to life.
ten miles, 100 miles, 1,000 miles later, they find themselves in dirty, dangerous, demeaning work.
they translate roughly 100 articles a day from major newspapers, major websites.
so i hushed my voice.
but the product in the blue box in the center is my poster child.
and it leads to reservations and other techniques.
first of all, scale, might.
we can also include two more charges corresponding to the gravitational force.
we are the reporters of our people, and are communicators to the outside world.
it's rooted in extraction.
they also had taken out numerous patents on essential parts of the airplane.
and it's a project that we've actually been now joined by hundreds of people around the world, who are doing it with us. indeed thousands of people have actually been involved in this project, in many of its different aspects.
in this setup, schrdinger is in a box with a radioactive sample that, by the laws of quantum mechanics, branches into a state in which it is radiated and a state in which it is not.
this is the euphore smog chamber in spain.
now folks, this is not just a metaphor i'm going to give you now, it's true.
and we were really optimistic that we could find something because there had been a report of a long-lived mutant.
ok, and only when you feel the pressure go back, i want you to allow your hand to slowly drift back to the tabletop, but only when you feel the pressure.
summers were hard, hard work, in the heat of tennessee summers.
we looked at each other with these looks of disbelief at what we had just completed.
the first of them is the obvious one, the silicon revolution, which you all are very, very familiar with.
the thing that all the work has in common is that it challenges the assumptions about conventions of space.
as i said, this can be done with only two people, and with a minimum amount of time.
most people fled abroad.
but the idea is, the windows are all placed so you see pieces of the house outside.
miklos stay away from me.
the subject -- me -- and the object -- the scheme of things -- fuse into oneness, an experience nobody can say, i am denied of, an experience common to all and sundry.
you could have made it in the 1890s; you wouldn't have the transistor.
you guys are going to be the handsome young guy and i'm going to be the wise businessman.
he hasn't seen one, he hasn't ridden one, of course, but he has done a lot of research through google search.
but we've created a national accounting system which is firmly based on production and producing stuff.
this is an amazing picture from a czech photographer named jack hedley.
it's exactly this concept.
why? because your brain is seeing that same information as if the right one is still under red light, and the left one is still under green light.
you're going to keep my money alive and you're going to make more money out of it.
it was just released at siggraph last year, but it's a great example of the kind of research i really love all this compute power to apply to make things do the right things, intuitive things, to do exactly what you expect.
what you see here is a premature baby.
he did a five-volume biography of thomas jefferson, spent virtually his whole life with thomas jefferson, and by the way, at one point i asked him, would you like to have met him?
we dropped them gently in.
you know, calculus is wonderful.
ps don't get off. you don't get off, but don't worry about me.
they want to regulate us, those conservatives, to stop us from allowing the market to spread in those places.
we didn't -- a lot of flying, a lot of experiments, a lot of things that didn't work, and ones that did work, and the plane kept getting a little better, a little better.
we can say that, fundamentally, the difference between gerontology and geriatrics is that gerontology tries to inhibit the rate at which metabolism lays down this damage.
and i was dying. she was absolutely not giving me a thing.
it's one minute long.
china is soon to pass the u.s.
and inside i've just been listening to nusrat fateh ali khan because he's chaotic.
1614
what is the legitimacy of diplomacy, of the the solution we devise as diplomats if they cannot be reflected and understood by also these broader forces of societies that we now very loosely call groups?
and he's probably not having a lot of sex right now, but he is a reminder in the population, of why you might want to be using condoms.
if you produce insects, you have less manure per kilogram of meat that you produce.
yes, that's the medical advice the committee chairman says, yes, i told you, you weren't going to be able to, you can't do this, i just know it.
he told me that he would have been unable to witness or submit to injustice without doing anything.
you see the phantom within the aquarium.
and you know, there's a new version of windows coming out this fall.
so let's ask another question.
my uncle was a very prominent mathematician, and he told me, look, there's a problem which i could not solve 25 years ago, and which nobody can solve.
this persisted all the way into and through the renaissance.
385
question number two how do you sleep?
leaving something incomplete makes it interesting, and gives one the feeling that there is room for growth.
and the woman would have sex with it.
henriapi illustrates this phenomenon as well.
copyright law's grip on film, music and software barely touches the fashion industry ... and fashion benefits in both innovation and sales, says johanna blakley. at tedxusc 2010, she talks about what all creative industries can learn from fashion's free culture.
and what they find is a single-point mutation in a gene responsible for controlling programmed cell death.
but these are tricks around the margins.
smw you can now walk the street and see a role model.
but in fact, it's phenomenally complicated to take a concept i and a concept tiger and blend them together.
steve jobs had given us some laptops; we were in senegal.
that genetic material probably belonged, if it could belong to anyone, to a local community of poor people who parted with the knowledge that helped the researchers to find the molecule, which then became the medicine.
a third of the size of the basking shark is their liver, and it's full of oil.
it was as if i was living in a stagnant pool and cancer dynamited the boulder that was separating me from the larger sea.
we can't afford mainframe healthcare today to include the uninsured.
that was beautiful from up here, i tell you.
but i think we're in for another change, about two generations after the top of that curve, once the effects of a declining population start to settle in.
or they say, hamlet has an oedipus complex.
this is something that's going to determine the quality of every instant of our lives.
and one thing you need to know about dragonflies, one important thing, is that they lay their eggs in fresh water.
this is the piece that i told you about.
this frustrated and confused me; i felt like i had been just given a homework assignment that i had to do, and i was excited to do, but no matter what i would do, i would fail.
this was truly a revolution in surgery.
but if you want engagement, self-direction works better.
but i knew i felt bad about what was happening.
that night, when the passengers would be sleeping, he would give it one more fold, and the second day, he would be wearing a fireman's cap -- with a little shoot just like a designer cap, because it protects the spinal cord.
the violin is basically made of a wood box and four main strings.
there is nothing on the other side.
so, we're going to understand positive social emotion like empathy and compassion, and we're going to understand the factors that encourage it -- whether they're genetic, whether they're how people talk to one another, whether they're economic systems, and insofar as we begin to shine light on that we are inevitably going to converge on that fact space.
and i've since then tried to keep technology at arm's length in many ways, so it doesn't master my life.
i stopped listening to their stories quite as closely as i had before.
what controls aging? biochemist cynthia kenyon has found a simple genetic mutation that can double the lifespan of a simple worm, c. elegans. the lessons from that discovery, and others, are pointing to how we might one day significantly extend youthful human life.
somehow she manages to keep her seven children alive, and a few months later, she gives birth to premature twins.
one of the problems we're facing is, in my view, that there are no globalized, youth-led, grassroots social movements advocating for democratic culture across muslim-majority societies.
or you can go to places like this.
you have formulas that long.
sb wow, ok. i didn't really realize what it was when i first saw it.
what i don't think most people think about is the context of how technology is applied.
so if i live to see 80 years of age, i'm going to have a five-hour video that encapsulates 50 years of my life.
or in 2010, the u.k. foreign secretary, david miliband, who said that at last we would deliver the decisive year.
1180
some of those grains may then cement naturally into sandstone.
in 1990, martha graham, the legend of modern dance, came to korea.
just please accept that this piece of you escapes with your smile, and those of us who notice are happy to catch it in passing.
if i had won everything -- but it was like, what was the point?
dana there's too much darkness.
but i have a message for the men here.
there's a last group of people who believe that the indus people were the ancestors of people living in south india today.
the texas, oklahoma, mexico heatwave and drought last year, moscow the year before and europe in 2003, were all exceptional events, more than three standard deviations outside the norm.
every part of your body is vibrating at different frequencies.
thank you very much indeed.
all of those conversations need to be happening.
and this ballet is controlled by this lady here.
but this distinction between focusing on ourselves and focusing on others is one that i encourage us all to pay attention to.
if i asked you what's longer, the vertical line on the table on the left, or the horizontal line on the table on the right?
and what i mostly say is that, at that time, it was a pretty interesting idea to me.
if you compared detroit with a city of a northern european example -- and munich is not a bad example of that, with the greater dependence on walking and cycling -- then a city which is really only twice as dense, is only using one-tenth of the energy.
very specialized material that the abalone self-assembles, millions of abalone, all the time, every day, every year.
and i say this as a man who has eaten a fair share of corned beef in his life.
and those red molecules are hemoglobin.
1046
and i don't want to spend your time in going through the details, but in the lower right-hand corner, you see an example of the kind of thing that we have.
but if you now take a set of replicating guys like in the video that you saw, it looks like this.
if i push a little bit harder, i'll go through the skin, and i can feel the bone structure inside.
so we're getting the dynamics out of the body as well.
although it's really nothing more than a literary conceit; it's not a technology.
this is what was in the newspapers and in the new york times.
but maybe me, i give out something better because i give them hope.
for my next number -- while i mentally recharge my batteries, i have one more question for the audience.
we hold it with a magnetic field.
for example, insufficient angiogenesis -- not enough blood vessels -- leads to wounds that don't heal, heart attacks, legs without circulation, death from stroke, nerve damage.
that is because the human mind is a complex system with many parts, and some of them can inhibit others.
there's detailed information on how to assemble a nuclear weapon from parts.
it's produced by the malaria parasite and it's a very interesting crystalline substance.
business,demo,design,global issues,invention,technology,water
so this robot is actually being commanded remotely by frank.
so, he petitioned the higher gods so that he may have justice.
and this is a great protection of a pedestrian zone, and the repurposing of some colonial cannons to do that.
it's got to be consistent.
it's way more energetic.
so, still working with film, i'm afraid.
of course, we'll do surgery sometimes and so on.
um.
in 1991 i had maybe the most profound and transformative experience of my life.
about three and a half years ago i made a discovery.
to size the problem, china's co2 emissions today are 3.3 gigatons; the u.s. is 5.8. business as usual means we'll have 23 gigatons from china by 2050.
it was predominantly a white, rich, corporate group that was not representative of the city.
so when he was only 10 and he became the paje, he began to lead his people.
so first, five symptoms that you're doing math reasoning wrong in your classroom.
that's not true at all.
665
bumped into eurasia around 16 million years ago, and then we had the first african exodus, as we call it.
55
and this is the single most exciting adventure that we have ever been on.
so, this is a six-shot sequence.
you, yourself, will find yourself in a hospital bed -- or your mother, your child -- there are heads nodding, people who say, yes, i know exactly what you mean.
like economists, you know, their definition of rational, that we all act out of our own economic self-interest.
and i suspect most geneticists don't understand it either, but they produce the numbers.
it is transparent, made just for you.
he made me feel smart. he made me feel he was smart.
because i believe that film has the ability to take you across borders.
all those hours when a car is sitting idle, i'm not paying for it.
some of you have felt it in laboratories; some of you have felt it at the workbench.
people really like to have sex.
but the atoms in the hand could all just happen to move the same way at the same time, and again and again.
and that potential, that powerful potential, is also our potential, of you and me.
her name is sakena yacoobi.
end of story.
i want to start with a game.
and basically the economy would be in a disaster state of affairs.
so melanin was recruited, in our lineage, and specifically in our earliest ancestors evolving in africa, to be a natural sunscreen.
is tering, which, etymologically, refers to the smell of tar.
so flies love this.
of course, old media companies and advertisers need to know this.
so, this sounds really crazy, right?
and a number of sopranos uploaded their parts.
and as we sit, exchanging free ideas with each other, there are still people mining coal in order to power the servers, extracting the minerals to make all of those things.
we look at the diseases, which are in the animals as well as the humans.
i came this close to changing species at that moment.
it's saying, let's march. thank you very much.
ca on what format?
like, that's the dumbest reason i've ever heard for applying to law school.
we don't see the origin of species.
our emotions are complex.
then you can go even further, almost tripling efficiency with some operational improvements, double the big haulers' margins.
httpwww.ted.comtalksbenjaminzanderonmusicandpassion.html
and to me this was a key component that somehow, through this medium of photography, which allows us to contemplate these landscapes, that i thought photography was perfectly suited to doing this type of work.
and i would like to share my art.
but a piece of work we did was on what five positive actions can you do to improve well-being in your life?
and i'm here today to share a new way that we're working with technology to this end to get familiar with our inner self like never before -- humanizing technology and furthering that age-old quest of ours to more fully know the self.
you know, there's also something called the complete idiot's guide?
sorry, start again.
and you see that patient now six months after with an x-ray showing you the regenerated tissue, which is fully regenerated when you analyze it under the microscope.
another example again, silly mom.
at every single refugee camp, she has to face off soldiers who want to take my elder brother mark, who was nine, and make him a boy soldier.
here is another example in the alhambra.
some of my fellow journalists might interpret it that way.
so this is telling us that the fermentation is in full swing.
and you only have to notice, where we have light, there is a potential way to transmit data.
but i decided i liked this contents page -- i liked the way it looks -- so i kept it.
but we need to go even further.
let me give you another example of delegation.
so let's look at some examples. this is terry.
and before you know it, any social cause can be actually financed in this way.
the passion with which we've been singing the national anthem since we were kids.
don't let me skip over that. better biofuels are a really big deal.
the one percent will own even more than 40 percent of all the world's goods and services. not because they've grown richer, but because the rest of the world has grown increasingly poorer.
and so there are a number of atavisms that can happen.
now, what we're doing is, we're doing one that will be both frontlit and backlit.
they're not.
we're going to do exactly what we outlined in the previous slide.
number two, many growers are in fact petrified from the idea of resistance, that the pests will become resistant to the chemicals, just in our case that bacteria becomes resistant to antibiotics.
so very small, but very useful.
what if, plato thought, ethics was like math?
it's actually strength -- it's power.
he's both a very well known american geek, but he's also kenyan; he was born in sudan, grew up in kenya.
you can't expect that.
today, the practicalities of making such an encyclopedia, regardless of the magnitude of the information put into it, are within reach.
i love her, you know.
this session is on natural wonders, and the bigger conference is on the pursuit of happiness.
wasn't she amazing? muriel cooper. she was wacky.
we had the people who built it, and we had the people who did not build it and just looked at it as external observers.
but it didn't even slow down the animal.
that's the reason i'm using this podium and using these notes.
when i bachelored, majoring in zoology in tel aviv university, i kind of fell in love with bugs.
that is going to be the it challenge of the next generation, is communicating all this information.
the bottom one? yellow.
maybe what the world needs now is for us to realize that we are like the birds.
now, i didn't really understand that until i met this guy who was then an 80-year-old, slightly shambolic man who lived on tomato soup and thought ironing was very overrated.
this implant is not transmitting the quality of music that usually provides things like warmth.
and the reason why they're ancient is because this thing came up when this planet was covered by things like sulfuric acid in batteries, and it was eating iron when the earth was part of a melted core.
but i think we're looking for something more.
and then his sidekick is a sea turtle, as i mentioned before, named filmore.
and i can tell you, our agenda is full.
rsw oh, my god.
and these are elections by the people, for the people.
so, when i went to look at those figures, i noted that since the late 1960s a growing number of these dollars was actually leaving the united states, never to come back.
nigeria a similar situation, from the 16 percent to the eight percent. single digits.
it's the face where we're attracted to with that.
the patient doesn't have to travel.
mine was 146.
my left leg got caught up in the wheel well -- spun it around.
so i began to work with national geographic society and others and led expeditions to antarctica.
and it's even cruel to think of anything like this.
it has been privately revealed to professor huxtane that an asteroid killed the dinosaurs.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjonathandroriwhywerestoringbillionsofseeds.html
he came out for one of our teacher-training days and won like five rounds of match me in a row and was very proud of himself.
we actually have about 24,000 genes that do things.
so, i'm thinking about, how can we generalize the way we make all sorts of things, so you end up with this sort of guy, right?
and they're sticking together, forming layers and giving us a sheet on the surface.
a team of volunteers at the university of texas el paso, graduate students translating this engineering super textbook ideas and within about a week, having this be some of our most popular material in widespread use all over latin america and in particular in mexico, because of the open extensible nature of this.
well, what's it like to be this kind of creature?
anybody know what this is? its the peyote cactus.
so we're keeping, like, a million balls in the air but, what's going on?
that might shift the level of consciousness around the fundamental issues that humanity faces -- if we did it just for a day.
in my childhood, i played around in my father's university lab.
any portion around the theater actually can be opened discretely.
foreign policy,global issues,politics,world cultures
but then i met a biologist, and now i think of materials like this -- green tea, sugar, a few microbes and a little time.
so this is how we could monetize this.
i propose we look to nature.
nobody's seen this yet, publicly.
kirsten ashburn mmm, gosh.
and once we get enough of those guys, we're going to want more fantasy artists that can create places we've never been to before, or characters that we've just never seen before.
but i'll ask you guys to stand up so we celebrate the life of a british aid worker called emma mccune that made it possible for me to be here.
there are so many ways we can improve the way we do things.
we put billions of dollars into fuel-efficient technologies.
but everyone is responsible.
code error, machine not guilty.
httpwww.ted.comtalksajjacobshowhealthylivingnearlykilledme.html
we weigh our animals.
we think very highly of ourselves, and so we should.
but in between that we're going to do a simulation.
narrator in a mass raid, high-speed bombers could be in on us before we could determine their tracks.
because the students made puff pastry and that's what the school ate every day.
so with that, let me just show you a quick video to get you in the mood of what we're trying to explain.
but that's what the rain boots are for, because rain will wash away everything, if you let it.
but instead, i go out and i find things.
rob hopkins transition to a world without oil
the other thing we've also done is to manage our finances better.
the chimps -- there's no time to discuss their fascinating lives -- but they have this long childhood, five years of suckling and sleeping with the mother, and then another three, four or five years of emotional dependence on her, even when the next child is born.
it's the word christians; there's nothing wrong with it.
and we can't wait for the other guy. we have to do it ourselves.
everything that happens in digital is converted, or a representation, of a one and a zero.
what's the wireless technology we're going to use?
the big brands, you know, the food brands, need to put food education at the heart of their businesses.
and that is, of course, europe.
we're running out of fresh water.
and the one i showed you before was, of course, a massively complex one.
but there's gonna be bad news somewhere.
these were white spheres.
i'm a performer.
and the two here are just examples.
the one thing i think i disagree with about yochai's presentation is when he said the internet causes this distributive capacity for innovation to come alive.
it's called be here now.
half of them gave over the internet.
mit researcher skylar tibbits works on self-assembly -- the idea that instead of building something , we can create materials that build themselves, much the way a strand of dna zips itself together. it's a big concept at early stages; tibbits shows us three in-the-lab projects that hint at what a self-assembling future might look like.
oh, just looking for some header material, waiting for that kudos.
sound passes through a piece of wood called a bridge and goes down to the wood box and gets amplified but ... let me think.
all right now, i've overrun my time, so i've got to stop.
which is not a level of service i have ever offered to my stanford students.
marketing people have never been able to do that.
and no one would decide that the ocean was without fish on the basis of one glass of water.
the khan academy is most known for its collection of videos, so before i go any further, let me show you a little bit of a montage.
we're actually measuring its oxygen consumption, its energy consumption.
and i found that in 29 seconds, it tells more about the power of, and importance of, independent media than i could say in an hour.
even for amphibians.
it's a very beautiful object, and as with any unification, we can see some holes where new particles are required by this pattern.
if you really want to check you understand math then write a program to do it.
and now you may think, okay, in this provincial town in china they're doing that, but not us.
a year ago in kenya we had post-election violence.
if we're not here in 10,000 years, it's going to be because we could not take advantage of the gift given to us by a young dutch fellow in 1738, because we underestimated the odds of our future pains and overestimated the value of our present pleasures.
and so many of the comments were exactly of this type, where people got money and, in fact, it made them antisocial.
this is called y water, and it's this guy from los angeles, thomas arndt, austrian originally, who came to us, and all he wanted to do was to create a healthy drink, or an organic drink for his kids, to replace the high-sugar-content sodas that he's trying to get them away from.
weighs about eight pounds, and this is the way it works.
here's what some of you did this morning, although you did it outside, not on a treadmill.
and it was at that moment that i just was filled with the challenge and the outrage that actually we know how to fix this problem.
i was in buenos aires very recently, and i went to see this bridge by santiago calatrava.
his core temperature had dropped to 77 degrees.
literally hundreds of elevator rides were spent with me alone stuffing the pump into my spanx, hoping the doors wouldn't open unexpectedly.
and this is also due to these fantastic new scanners, that just in 0.3 seconds, i can scan the whole heart, and i can do that with time resolution.
httpwww.ted.comtalkscraigventerunveilssyntheticlife.html
and so i figured for mexico and babes, i could do just about anything.
and, in fact, the wind does die down at night.
why haven't we been more inspired by nature and these kinds of discoveries?
there were obviously financial sacrifices because he always refused to be paid.
because we live in such a noisy world.
we started with the factory idea that you could change the whole world if you had an efficient factory that could churn out change.
and this is the object of their scrutiny.
where am i indigenous to? nowhere really. my genes are all jumbled up.
based on what i've learned from taking care of my father, and researching what it's like to live with dementia, i'm focusing on three things in my preparation i'm changing what i do for fun, i'm working to build my physical strength, and -- this is the hard one -- i'm trying to become a better person.
and it's the subject of a huge debate about what this cylinder means, what cyrus means, but above all, cyrus as articulated through this cylinder -- cyrus as the defender of the homeland, the champion, of course, of iranian identity and of the iranian peoples, tolerant of all faiths.
so my artistic practice is all about listening to the weird and wonderful noises emitted by the magnificent celestial objects that make up our universe.
it was a way of keeping my head attached.
that's why the mascot of internet engineering, if it had one, is said to be the bumblebee.
making sense of those things is a very difficult thing to do.
the lines are going to blur. and they already are between therapy and enhancement, between treatment and prevention, between need and desire.
and one of the profound things that happened was this act of actually connecting to all these people.
i first developed this technique working from a little single-person submersible called deep rover and then adapted it for use on the johnson sea-link, which you see here.
i guess the best way to end this is with two quotes marshall mcluhan said, children are the messages that we send to the future, but in fact, if you think of it, children are the future we send to the future.
our left hemisphere is designed to take that enormous collage of the present moment and start picking out details, details and more details about those details.
oh, great. so i'm a big fan of this.
i think the barricini family should open a store there and sell chocolate.
he says to me, we've done some work around the country.
we need firms. the firms have gone away.
yet as i wage this new war i'm not alone in this drama.
and if we could figure that out, how can we implement those designs?
do you think the less-fortunate are having better sex?
and those distributions grow.
you can ask, what do you expect for the old stars, stars that have been around the center of the galaxy for a long time, they've had plenty of time to interact with the black hole.
we have two kinds of dna in our bodies.
where other scientists would play in their laboratory, tesla created his inventions in his mind.
it's a whole new way of doing things, which includes new downsides.
finally, empty space has a temperature.
so the first one -- the most famous appointment dynamic in the world -- is something called happy hour.
and there i got a gigantic one, and the control over there, the blue one, has got a really small one.
and you see that this work was done in 2006.
but i know this organization doesn't change until it experiences failure.
but that very fact is telling.
and it's a picture we've seen several times.
so quickly, i'd like to just say, this is the love of my life, my daughter jay.
but here's the promise you make to the american public, to your own people, to the world.
so this is doug engelbart.
what we did stumble across was something ...
another artist comes, paints the head of the military as a monster eating a maiden in a river of blood in front of the tank.
and by everything i mean, of course, me and you, the earth, the sun, the 100 billion suns in our galaxy and the 100 billion galaxies in the observable universe.
working for peace is very creative.
and locavore, for those of you who don't know, is someone who eats only locally grown food -- which is fine if you live in california, but for the rest of us it's a bit of a sad joke.
suddenly, what we're finding with these concerts, away from the stage, away from the footlights, out of the tuxedo tails, the musicians become the conduit for delivering the tremendous therapeutic benefits of music on the brain to an audience that would never have access to this room, would never have access to the kind of music that we make.
the plane taxied up to where i was standing.
now i went to dubai, to an arab thought foundation conference, and i was waiting by the coffee for the right journalist.
we developed some other technology called spider optics, and craig ventner asked me to make an announcement here this morning were going to be building a beautiful, little, small version of this -- unmanned, super deep -- for his boat to go and get back some deep sea dna stuff.
about a year after 911, researchers examined a group of women who were pregnant when they were exposed to the world trade center attack.
because when you think about the importance, some of the issues that we were talking about last night -- this last session we had about africa and his hypothetical 50 billion dollars destined for africa.
surviving the slammer do's and don'ts.
so if we're going to need energy, what sort of energy?
and we're going to do it again in the next 25 years.
i think it's sort of funny; it's on the siberian coast, maybe the russians will charge tolls.
i'll give you three quick tips to protect your ears and pass these on to your children, please.
kids weren't going into the center-for-kids-that-need-more-help, or something like that. it was 826 valencia.
when i was a kid, i hid my heart under the bed, because my mother said, if you're not careful, someday someone's going to break it.
you know that what you need to do is possible to do, even though difficult, and sense of time disappears, you forget yourself, you feel part of something larger.
you can grow it underneath the skin.
musician and inventor onyx ashanti demonstrates beatjazz -- his music created with two handheld controllers, an iphone and a mouthpiece, and played with the entire body. at ted's full spectrum auditions, after locking in his beats and loops, he plays a 3-minute song that shares his vision for the future of music.
but even now, 2011, there's still certain cells that we just can't grow from the patient.
energy's a six-trillion-dollar business worldwide.
thank you. xie xie.
and this meant i could ski over very thin ice, and if i fell through, it wasn't the end of the world.
so, she's got a lure that she sticks out in front of this living mousetrap of needle-sharp teeth in order to attract in some unsuspecting prey.
so in an apple orchard, for instance, you'll have rows of 10 apples of one variety, and then you have another apple tree that's a different type of pollen.
so if you see one of these maps of the internet, it's just somebody's guess.
there's also a huge emotional impact.
one is that research shows that once you have all of your material needs taken care of -- which most of us, all of us, here in this room do -- research shows that there are very few things in life that can actually elevate your level of happiness.
what you're looking at is a signature of bacterial communities in the outdoor air, and how they vary over time.
fight-or-flight fear sweat, because i tried ballroom dancing in college -- stepped on the girl's foot with my heel. she screamed.
it can't live for a very long time in people.
unfortunately, it's a machine translation of the page.
perhaps the universe existed before the bang, and the bang was just a violent event in a pre-existing universe.
and exploiting that energy, human populations multiplied.
from the drop-down menu, choose the first letter you want to type. ok.
some famous ones like the open university, which has 110,000 students, the university of the third age, which has nearly half a million older people teaching other older people, as well as strange things like diy garages and language lines and schools for social entrepreneurs.
you're just not. why not? because you're not.
those flags represented the countries from which my team came from.
99.9 percent of them resist being inducted into prostitution.
99 percent of their electricity comes from renewable resources.
i've seen girls who were beaten by their mothers and brothers and fathers and uncles.
i saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, specifically visual journalism, can bring into focus both the benefits and the cost of political policies.
all of humanity, probably, is descended from a thousand people who left africa roughly 70,000 years ago.
we take the blood sample and do the blood work and hair work on the mice.
i just like to dive right in and become sort of a human guinea pig.
anyone know what this is? what is it?
unlike us, they wont fall off the cliff.
i think inside at some point, we put our heads down on the pillow and we go, there's got to be more to life than this.
and you know, i saw all the visions of the first couple of sessions.
and there were a lot of cute girls in the soprano section, as it turns out.
sarah jones as a one-woman global village
and i got in the water with them, and i was amazed at how curious they were.
i was one of the only kids in college who had a reason to go to the p.o. box at the end of the day, and that was mainly because my mother has never believed in email, in facebook, in texting or cell phones in general.
cheers.
this is a distribution of wrong answers to one of andrew's assignments.
what we do is make a very simple electric motor.
the kidney was indeed the first organ ever to be transplanted to the human.
and she said, listen. the cut-off date to start kindergarten was september 15.
the same technology, in a jerry can.
so in this much noisier world, it might make sense for us to be just a little bit more explicit about our moral code.
no new features. it's never happened before in software
and what we're seeing is not just the potential death of the eastern hemlock species -- that is to say, its extinction from nature due to this invading parasite -- but we're also seeing the death of an incredibly complex ecosystem for which these trees are merely the substrate for the aerial labyrinth of the sky that exists in their crowns.
imagine that snobbery is a distinctively u.k. phenomenon fixated on country houses and titles.
or, i can choose to step into the consciousness of my left hemisphere, where i become a single individual, a solid. separate from the flow, separate from you. i am dr. jill bolte taylor intellectual, neuroanatomist. these are the we inside of me.
this is a photograph by franz hueber.
a 1930s ship's lifeboat, which i've been restoring in the garden of my beach house in england.
in fact, when we first went out to raise money to start babble, the venture capitalists said, we categorically don't invest in companies founded by husbands and wives, because there's an extra point of failure.
so here are robots carrying beams, columns and assembling cube-like structures.
hello there.
so this is what he built.
i could have made the decision, if i had this information, not to move to the ozone capital of the united states, couldn't i? i could make that decision.
that's what i call globalization chinese style.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobertwrightonoptimism.html
i can tell with data analysis what you're going to do before you even do it.
they had become one, pushing me to triumph.
ss two weeks ago, aimee was up for the arthur ashe award at the espys.
a parachute jump from the very edge of space.
and when you do that, the ground around you starts to shift just a little bit.
i mean, it sometimes feels, listening to behavioral economists that they are kind of putting into place academically, what great marketers have sort of intuitively known for a long time.
so, what technology brought, through the very simple tools like these stone tools here -- even something as small as this -- the early bands of humans were actually able to eliminate to extinction about 250 megafauna animals in north america when they first arrived 10,000 years ago.
one knob is the knob for controlling global temperature.
and also, my husband does a lot around the house, and would happily never see another romantic comedy as long as he lives.
daniel libeskind builds on very big ideas. here, he shares 17 words that underlie his vision for architecture -- raw, risky, emotional, radical -- and that offer inspiration for any bold creative pursuit.
now my point is the small things matter.
so for each person we can establish an average, which is the center of the diagram.
is it really in the tissue? and i'll end up with this yes.
i don't even mingle, or start speaking with someone so quickly.
but that's the closest approximation i can have to it.
baseline levels are near zero, without some stimulus to cause its release.
by leading the americans in his audience at tedxpsu step by step through the thought process, sociologist sam richards sets an extraordinary challenge can they understand -- not approve of, but understand -- the motivations of an iraqi insurgent? and by extension, can anyone truly understand and empathize with another?
there are thousands of microbes there.
look, you have bubbles all over the world here.
but it turned out it wasn't going to be as simple in the end, and it set us back three months because we had one error out of over a million base pairs in that sequence.
they recognized what was happening on the hillside and put a stop to it; enacted laws and made permits required to do responsible construction and golf course maintenance and stopped the sediments flowing into the bay, and stopped the chemicals flowing into the bay, and the bay recovered.
1224
pm yes, you are.
that's what brainstorming is about, right?
we have skin enhancements, clothing.
in fact, who would like to drive a robot?
the universe then underwent an exponential expansion called inflation.
so as a result of it, you have this very strange situation in which the elites basically got out of the control of the voters.
how long do you actually have to work to earn an hour of reading light if you're on the average wage in britain today?
now i want to step back a bit.
his theory states that the act of smiling itself actually makes us feel better -- rather than smiling being merely a result of feeling good.
we mounted an expedition to look for the missing heat.
it saves our souls and makes us live happily.
so, if we want to then, to our blueprint, add the first important feature, we want to add distributed foot contact.
is it thinking lamprey eel thoughts, sitting there in its nutrient medium?
we need to recognize just how serious a deficit of rights we have.
bring me a canvas and some paint, and i will paint a vermeer much better than i sold that disgusting nazi.
these little insects, it's the same ones we see out here in india, two inches long, five centimeters long, flying in their millions, 400 miles across the ocean, at 2,000 meters up. quite incredible.
and this switch is flicked in their heads when they walk through those 18 feet of this bizarre store, right?
at 24, my death would have been entirely expected.
now then we get the great depression and world war ii.
i started out by trying to figure out what romantic love was by looking at the last 45 years of research on -- just the psychological research -- and as it turns out, there's a very specific group of things that happen when you fall in love.
they're in there.
dusty and i, we like to say, on sunday, this is where we go to church.
they look like they're frozen in some embrace.
they've got their own flag. they've got the eye patches.
power goes into a battery. there is a custom made computer that tells the camera when to fire.
they don't spend a lot of time dicking around.
what other properties of language does the script show?
i started when i was 15 years old.
so, this device here is an invisibility cloak.
extremism became tolerance.
they can't fish there for a radius of 200 miles.
but the computer should not just be the glove of the hand; the hand should really be the driver of the computing power.
next thing you knew, there's a full page covering us positively, january 22nd, 2006, which changed our lives forever, because anybody googling islam and cartoon or islam and comic, guess what they got; they got me.
so what was i doing?
attention is the currency.
i happened to be in lahore, pakistan on the day that two mosques were attacked by suicide bombers.
now when people ask this kind of question, they neglect something, which is that physicists are really clever, unlike biologists.
but the thing that t-mobile did that nobody's done before is, when you're on a call an you move from wi-fi into cellular range, the call is handed off in mid-syllable, seamlessly. i'll show you the advanced technologies we use at the new york times to test this gear.
for those of you who aren't familiar with memetics, a meme has been defined as an idea that replicates in the human brain and moves from brain to brain like a virus, much like a virus. the way a virus works is -- it can infect and do the most damage to someone who has a compromised immune system.
you know, i didn't just draw this in a day, by the way.
we need to focus really back again on the molecules.
and if you want to take a single crystal of dna, it looks like that.
and that very night cyrus, king of the persians, entered babylon and the whole regime of belshazzar fell.
our mission is of cultural integration and independence.
for example, the calculation can you feel where on the number line the solution is likely to fall?
and its the first time ive had a job where im afraid to go away because of everything thats going to happen in this week when im here.
that's how comfortable these wild gorillas are with visitors.
because the first stage is basically teaching a dog esl.
and i'll show you a glimpse of how this information is then visualized. so this is we feel fine.
there's a about a tenfold difference there, log scale up the side.
well the british government did a model of telecommuting.
and if you look, you can see them happening, already beginning to emerge.
i then started writing about eastern europe, and eventually i became the bbc's chief correspondent for the region, which is what i was doing in 1989.
and he even put out a book called rosey grier's needlepoint for men.
they're in some ways using the bush administration as an alibi.
because when you put it on, you immediately get everything you need to have a fun and productive and useful meeting.
this disease is called sudden wealth syndrome.
we got a flood of donations -- mostly 13-dollar checks because new york times readers are very generous in tiny amounts but then, we got a money transfer for 10,000 -- really nice guy.
just a few quick before and after shots.
we started implanting some of these structures over 14 years ago.
75
three years and two children later, we raised this 50,000-square-foot lace net.
how clever of sheep you might say.
our newest experiment has been hatched by my colleague, art aron -- putting people who are reporting that they are still in love, in a long-term relationship, into the functional mri.
it's what we do in the organization named after him where we try and invent, create, launch new ventures, whether it's schools, web companies, health organizations and so on.
this takes the temperature of the canal and turns it into this four-degrees of heat exchange.
i mean, i love the fact that i can go in anywhere and pick out what i want -- the shoes i want, the skirts i want -- and i'm hoping to try to bring these over here and make them accessible to a lot of people.
which will be the altitude at which you would like to fly in your life, to get to the success that you wish to have, to get to the point that really belongs to you, with the potential you have, and the one you can really fulfill?
and where it doesn't, as in greenland in winter, mars is still not very far.
some swedes very kindly classified a lot of their infant deaths according to the british register of general socioeconomic classification.
there's the phrase called cafeteria religion, and the fundamentalists will use it in a denigrating way, and they'll say, oh, it's just cafeteria religion.
bp no need to be. there's nothing wrong with old age.
we set up a whole er.
from kansas, i moved on to lovely arizona, where i taught in flagstaff for a number of years, this time with middle school students.
with the electric industry you actually have to -- one of them is that they're both sort of thin, horizontal, enabling layers that go across lots of different industries.
now, the slide show. i update the slide show every time i give it.
well, traditionally that was seen as science fiction, but now we've moved to a world where actually this has become possible.
okay. so, now you're ready for the good news that i said might save the world.
so think about how wonderfully convenient and lazy the brain is.
and he asked to meet with the senior staff, and they agreed to meet with him because he was very well thought of in that place.
well, we wanted to see if they allowed the animals to have greater stability and maneuverability.
and i hope that you will agree with me, it is the greatest stunt on earth.
but let's just look at sudan, the second-largest country in africa.
and so the next thing you need to do in your experiment is grab a napkin. i grabbed a piece of graph paper -- i'm a physicist.
people seem to love it.
you are certified by the community you serve.
it will disproportionately harm the poorest and the most vulnerable, as will the increasing rise of population.
and you can actually see here the printhead going through and printing this structure, and it takes about 40 minutes to print this structure.
so i said, you know, i really don't want to write about my research.
as chris said, i grew up in nigeria with a whole generation -- in the '80s -- of students who were protesting a military dictatorship, which has finally ended.
you just need to take small steps, accumulate small wins, keep reaching for that green stick.
i was flying back to the u.s. from an exhibition overseas.
it's happening
the school is closed; they're coming back at midnight because they want to pitch their video game ideas.
he's just a kid that grew up playing with tools instead of toys.
and we can go and we can try to have pre-emptive preventive measures there.
the lyrics to the leading track are ain't no grave can hold my body down.
we see it on blogs all over the place.
and this was my fortune you will be successful in your work.
they don't get any information, they don't get any value for what they spend.
and here are some common drugs that have been associated with reducing the risk of cancer in people.
thank you.
imagine that orchestration.
what she was able to do was because she had access to the raw data.
and in a democracy, we ought to be able to do better.
rather, it's because i want something that has a specific history.
... youngest republican, okay, we're finished.
you may have heard the military dictum for the gathering of armies march to the sound of the guns.
and that's exactly the way the higgs mechanism works.
and the third thing it's a symbol of his influence.
they started to build flyovers to get from a to b faster, but they effectively went from one area of relative wealth to another area of relative wealth.
it's this stupid concept of developing countries that puts us, argentina and mozambique together 50 years ago, and says that mozambique did worse.
with scissors and paper, artist batrice coron creates intricate worlds, cities and countries, heavens and hells. striding onstage in a glorious cape cut from tyvek, she describes her creative process and the way her stories develop from snips and slices.
this is a warning, and we have to think seriously about it.
in other words, they have a shared and growing complexity in visual language that happens in a predictable order.
okay. one bite. what the hell?
stew says black men ski
and that's one of the satellites which was actually formed on that one.
and they had it in their cabinet for about 15 years, until it got stolen in january of 2007.
sometimes quite freshly floral, and then again sometimes extremely pungent.
the trick here is my brother would become an experimental poet, not a businessman, but the intention was really good.
if they get it for free, they use it.
ca and -- i mean, to cut a long story short -- word of the report leaked into kenya, not from the official media, but indirectly, and in your opinion, it actually shifted the election.
but in china they look generation after generation because they remember the very embarrassing period, for 100 years, when they went backwards.
we think the best way to get these missing years is to look at the cultures around the world that are actually experiencing them, areas where people are living to age 100 at rates up to 10 times greater than we are, areas where the life expectancy is an extra dozen years, the rate of middle age mortality is a fraction of what it is in this country.
and apart from things like entertainment, you wouldn't pay for someone to go to the cinema for you and have fun on your behalf, or, at least, not yet.
imaginative play.
it was a lot like the stirling engine it was cool, but you didn't know what to do with it.
i teared up and i said that's where i want to be.
and this is called, swallowing the bitterness.
half as much money was spent on this norden bombsight as was spent on the most famous military-industrial project of the modern era.
chris anderson while they're taking the podium away, just a quick question.
so we take a carrot cake, put it in a blender, and we have kind of like a carrot cake juice, and then that went into a balloon frozen in liquid nitrogen to create this hollow shell of carrot cake ice cream, i guess, and it comes off looking like, you know, jupiter's floating around your plate.
these guys down on wall street, marco polo and cherokee nation, they're eight microseconds behind all these guys going into the empty buildings being hollowed out up around the carrier hotel.
yab you can also go to the website, answer -- respond to the questions also.
what we believe is that the internet, frankly, is a connection of people and ideas.
when we take on topics like this, it gives us that extra call to reach out to other movements and to become more inclusive and to grow, and we can finally get out of this crazy dilemma that we've been in.
i had only this equipment -- my satellite phone, my computer and a plastic solar panel -- that i hide it in the forest.
i started taking that into the realm of landscape, which is something that's almost a picture of nothing.
would the pakistanis please just stand up please?
it has created thousands, if not tens of thousands of jobs.
x equals y.
join the movement.
they actually wound up doing about 40 million furbys.
you know, just jump.
he thought, oh, i can renovate the school.
you can't numb those hard feelings without numbing the other affects, our emotions.
so the kids give me the words, right? i put it into a narrative, which means that this paper is written in kidspeak.
so we formed coursera, whose goal is to take the best courses from the best instructors at the best universities and provide it to everyone around the world for free.
and we started writing letters to everybody.
this, for example, this gentleman is called joseph.
if there's no solution on the battlefield, three factors can account for the prevention of ethnic conflict and civil war, or for sustainable peace afterwards leadership, diplomacy and institutional design.
my mom is a pediatrician, and i asked her.
and we know that there are more.
you know, in these places in other cultures, people just go there voluntarily because they like them.
and i've now made some glasses. that's it.
and nick ended up with a lot of pictures of the rear ends of baboons.
we've got a different solution.
so, to the extent that evolution doesn't matter, doesn't care whether genes are passed on by individuals, living a long time or by procreation, there's a certain amount of modulation of that, which is why different species have different lifespans, but that's why there are no immortal species.
damien runs a hotel outside of kinshasa.
well, these basically are things i believed in such a long time.
httpwww.ted.comtalksburtrutanseesthefutureofspace.html
httpwww.ted.comtalksebenbayeraremushroomsthenewplastic.html
the microbes on your skin can help boost your immune system.
mark shaw demos ultra-ever dry, a liquid-repellent coating that acts as an astonishingly powerful shield against water and water-based materials. at the nano level, the spray covers a surface with an umbrella of air so that water bounces right off. watch for an exciting two-minute kicker.
and the connection between body and head often brings those things into union.
she said, yes, sir.
this, which is helicodiceros, is also known as dead horse arum.
it takes opening your arms, both, wide, and expecting very little love in return, but demanding accountability, and bringing the accountability to the table as well.
everything about my work has become more whimsical.
and they need to have access to all of the trial data.
i want pieces. bits and pieces.
they tracked these on a separate website.
my task was, at least once a week, to visit mother lassiter who lived on east street, mother williamson who lived on bledsoe avenue, and mother lathers who lived on oberlin road.
biology,botany,environment,life,science,sex
and so i decided id better do this for another day, and another day, and another day until finally, i promised myself for a year i would keep quiet because i started learning more and more and i needed to learn more.
it's an awesome idea. doesn't work.
shehu and from there we will be able to, hopefully, make better predictions and then we compare it to the graph and also make some predictions.
so here's a select number of projects.
and of course, if you're a bit younger than that, then you're never really even going to get near to being fragile enough to die of age-related causes.
consumers don't care about you at all; they just don't care.
there's no high-tech gizmos here, just biology revealed through biology.
what kinds of changes happen?
lots of lives are being saved by those.
you all get your california technology license.
imam faisal abdul rauf combines the teachings of the quran, the stories of rumi, and the examples of muhammad and jesus, to demonstrate that only one obstacle stands between each of us and absolute compassion -- ourselves.
now this is quite time consuming and isn't the most comfortable process.
design,exploration,physics,robots,science,space,technology
water is energy intensive.
so, we appear to have a genuine difference of opinion about how to profitably use one's time.
how many people does he employ to service that population?
and here's a brief clip of this.
ok, does anybody realize there's a crisis in our schools, around the world?
so there are 57 million vcrs in nigeria that play, you know, vhs and these vcds.
there are very industrious experiments being built on earth -- one called ligo -- which will detect deviations in the squeezing and stretching of space at less than the fraction of a nucleus of an atom over four kilometers.
the quality of the tomato paste is much better; the spice mix is far superior; it adheres to the pasta in a much more pleasing way. in fact, they would do the famous bowl test back in the '70s with ragu and prego.
this is an inflatable hemp house. it was built; it works.
after his lecture, a student got up and said to him, give us a poem.
well, it's not my ted wish; it's our wish, as you've already gathered.
i often wondered, if there was a united organization of organisms -- otherwise known as uh-oh -- -- and every organism had a right to vote, would we be voted on the planet, or off the planet?
and then i actually slow down my whole nervous system.
so, blue, blue, everything became blue.
then you've got 15 minutes, and someone pulls you aside and asks you this question, and before you know it, it's 5 p.m., and you look back on the day, and you realize that you didn't get anything done.
when we submitted it for the swedish competition we thought it was a really cool scheme, but it didn't exactly look like something from the north of sweden.
the trees, mangrove trees, are filled with fireflies communicating with light.
most of the projects i work on -- i live in calibration with scientists.
instead of doing that actually, we've developed some fish sticks that you can feed the fish.
the night before a match i'm very nervous.
and there they would hide for 160 million years, until liberated by that k-t asteroid.
you've all had this experience.
the most expensive thing is the battery inside this.
the material is lead copper, like in the building in boston.
so i started a project called life edited at lifeedited.org to further this conversation and to find some great solutions in this area.
and it brings us to the debate that has been going on here aid versus private sector, aid versus trade, etc.
waiting for that recognition moment may be the best early indicator of the onset of dementia than anything that shows up clinically today.
and some people say it's because, in 9th grade, boys start dropping out of school.
for example, the incarceration rate, the prison population in this country has quadrupled since 1980.
so, what i think one can begin to do with this kind of cut at the word simplicity, which doesn't cover brancusi, it doesn't answer the question of why mondrian is better or worse or simpler or less simpler than van gogh, and certainly doesn't address the question of whether mozart is simpler than bach.
fourth man i live happily because what else should i do?
that's a really scary thought, that one game dynamic can change things so powerfully.
four, modern medicine.
in 1997, a convention, under the auspices of the oecd, which obliged everybody to change their laws and criminalize foreign bribery.
so when you develop a cancerous cell in your breast, aromatase converts androgens into estrogens, and that estrogen turns on or promotes the growth of that cancer so that it turns into a tumor and spreads.
so we went, oh my god, we have to go to the field, and see if it actually does this.
and he spends that week talking to the family about what do they think great art is.
you degrade forests, you go beyond the boundary on land, you undermine the ability of the climate system to stay stable.
and that's because they're both designed to fit the human hand.
and that source is design for generosity.
and that's quite unique.
the three keys are easy to eat, so this is anago, cooked already, so easy to eat.
ss you know, show us more than one set of legs.
there was bread, there was those little, mini dill pickles, there was olives, those little white onions.
we also had someone else who said, 'the infinite monkey cage' idea is ridiculous.
filmmaker deborah scranton talks about and shows clips from her documentary the war tapes, which puts cameras in the hands of soldiers fighting in iraq.
why is it that business leaders and investors quite often don't see the connection between creating the intangible of employee happiness with creating the tangible of financial profits in their business?
but in fact, with global warming and rising temperatures, all of a sudden you have vast wheat fields and agribusiness, and grain being produced in siberia.
i gotta tell you, i'm a protective parent.
you have to separate fact from bias, right.
they are skating. they are doing street plays.
speaking of justice, there's another phenomenon going on in our culture that i find deeply troubling, and that is that america, right now, has the largest percentage of its population in prison of any country on earth.
and the same thing happens at the 50th percentile, around 80,000.
and then, you know when a pet has an operation and they shave a bit of the skin and get rid of the fur -- in order to get you to go into the seed cathedral, in effect, we've shaved it.
vegetably? minerally? animally? he's pretty much covered them there.
i was going to be a wrestler. i had it all figured out.
until they finally graduated and left campus, and -- glad to get away, i'm sure -- came back sometime later, and found the crows still remembered them.
today we have nollywood, the third-largest film industry in the world.
so imagine white guys pasting white papers.
another consequence of this recent origin of modern humans is that genetic variants are generally distributed widely in the world, in many places, and they tend to vary as gradients, from a bird's-eye perspective at least.
and we take this utterly for granted, because we're a species that is so at home with language, but you have to realize that even the simplest acts of exchange that we engage in are utterly dependent upon language.
small levels of stock push resilience into other people's responsibility.
removes some scaffolding. one of the reasons rome remains the extraordinary place it is that because of scaffolding and the determination to maintain the fabric, it is a city that continues to grow and adapt to the needs of the particular time in which it finds itself, or we find it.
because see, i have these new nuclear submarines that i'm building.
surely the kinds of play that at least american media give to -- and forgive me, but in raw numbers these are very tiny accidents.
you need to be really an incredible artist.
we all have an african origin.
she would not stop trying to feed me penguins.
i grow seven kinds of mint in my class.
the most obvious visual thing on stage is the speaker.
after he ended up on a watch list by accident, hasan elahi was advised by his local fbi agents to let them know when he was traveling. he did that and more ... much more.
people have to eat.
and so -- i get to talk about robots -- the da vinci robot put just that wrist on the other side of that incision.
and bell then goes on to explain to the students.
so, the thing is, our historical lore, because of the way we like narratives, are full of vast characters such as, you know, howard schultz of starbucks and ray kroc with mcdonald's and asa chandler with coca-cola.
i had a chance to go to florence, in -- i think it was '94, and i saw ghiberti's door of paradise.
too old, too young, too scruffy, too stupid, and they won't do it.
i asked him whether, considering the sacrifices he had to make, he ever had any regrets.
charles elachi on the mars rovers
i love writing in turkish, which to me is very poetic and very emotional, and i love writing in english, which to me is very mathematical and cerebral.
and the thought was, make it go away
people who spent money on themselves, nothing happened.
that would be the second best investment that we could do.
a full battery comes on. and you drive on.
he's trying to get his muscles going and get out of this.
when i stood up to speak to my people about god and the tsunami, i had no answers to offer them.
the other one is the frontal lobe, which controls how we sustain attention, and another one is the anterior cingulate, which controls how we allocate and regulate attention and resolve conflict.
hotel rwanda watchers have joined it. it is a cacophonous movement.
i've tried the best i can to live a balanced life.
but what it gives us is a harmonic and synthesized relationship of all these components, one to another.
check the box below if you want to participate in the organ donor program.
and then one of my favorite features of the technology is the magic mirror, where you put on the clothes.
we need to take a really positive view.
i couldn't resist, and i got a nasty email from some environmental group saying, this is too serious and solemn to make fun of. you should be ashamed, please apologize on our website.
now those are all goals which could be achieved within a decade, but only with radical and systematic experiment, not just with technologies, but also with lifestyles and culture and policies and institutions too.
and he came one day back to campus.
trade and industry takes 43 billion.
they never touch the inner matter. there is more and more co-evolution.
now, and so -- thank you. the phase 1 safety studies are over, and we're doing fine, we're now moved on.
now the really cool thing about foxo is that there are different forms of it.
but this isn't actually, despite what journalists typically do, this isn't actually about blaming particular players.
and it definitely does give a different image of yemen.
nobody wants a chemist to come in and poke around in their stuff like that and change things.
iraq will still be the second largest oil producer in the world, behind saudi arabia.
their culture is being destroyed, along with the animals upon whom they depend.
this looks like a plant, but it's actually an animal.
what? did we do this? really? does anyone do this?
it means nothing at all.
and what we did basically was to train the animals to learn how to control these avatars and explore objects that appear in the virtual world.
we then got to the last ancestor.
so office sound is a huge area, and incidentally, noise in offices has been shown to make people less helpful, less enjoy their teamwork, and less productive at work.
if we do have longevity, then we'll have to face the population growth problem anyway. because if people live 200 or 1,000 years, then we can't let them have a child more than about once every 200 or 1,000 years.
when we had almost eradicated smallpox, it came back again, because the company town of tatanagar drew laborers, who could come there and get employment.
well since then, i just thought that i've been really privileged to go to over 2,000 schools in my country -- village schools, government schools, municipal schools, ivy league schools -- i've been invited by most of them.
if it's the raisin, they won't drop it.
i didn't realize there was going to be a little music before.
the one on the left is mine, okay?
this is explicitly showing you how things scale, and this is a truly remarkable graph.
they're up at camp four, and you can see that there's wind blowing off the summit.
some years ago, i was involved as a facilitator in some very tough talks between the leaders of russia and the leaders of chechnya.
dennis vanengelsdorp a plea for bees
here's a little clip of something i think i did poorly.
so we've tackled that problem, and we've come up with a solution, which we'll see in a second.
this led to a little breakdown -- -- which actually looked more like this.
you know, this happens to be the asteroid belt of architectural garbage two miles north of my town.
so when the fish control the urchin population, the ocean was restored to its natural equilibrium.
but then it comes back. and sufficiently big technologies are going to hit the mainstream, and they're going to burst out.
and, like water, they will find cracks in any set of rules.
but what's interesting about that suggestion was that, to implement that suggestion wouldn't cost 10 million pounds; it wouldn't involve large amounts of expenditure; it would actually cost about 50 quid.
so the other thing i really like about this, besides the fact that it brings a whole new dimension into the study of control of disease, is that often the kinds of interventions that you want, that it indicates should be done, are the kinds of interventions that people want anyhow.
now, i don't even know what vintage the transmission is, but let me just show you very quickly some of it, and we'll move on.
so i went back to the notion of story, which is always a good thing to have if you're trying to get people to pay attention to a book and pick up information along the way.
ca i'd actually be interested, just based on what we've heard so far -- i'm curious as to the opinion in the ted audience.
when i saw them as freshmen, on our freshmen team -- we didn't have -- freshmen couldn't play varsity when i taught.
i would.
at first when i heard of cancer stem cells, i didn't really know how to put the two together. i'd heard of stem cells, and i'd heard of them as the panacea of the future -- the therapy of many diseases to come in the future, perhaps.
how do they share their culture?
just take the balkans. croatia, serbia bosnia, they're not members of the e.u. yet.
keats himself had also given up a career in medicine to pursue poetry, but he died when he was a year older than me.
hare said the reason why is because capitalism at its most ruthless rewards psychopathic behavior -- the lack of empathy, the glibness, cunning, manipulative.
because they think that all those wonderful things -- like creative people, wealth, income -- is what attracts them, forgetting about the ugly and the bad.
and we started putting in roofs that look like this, and we came in from destitute neighborhoods to start building landscape like this, wow people noticed.
my fingers started turning blue, and i was like, what is going on here?
and, yes, they were great philanthropists.
what is the nature of accidents?
he was dragging guys out of bars and saving those lives for the lord.
in this hilariously lively performance, actress sarah jones channels an opinionated elderly jewish woman, a fast-talking dominican college student and more, giving ted2009 just a sample of her spectacular character range.
the first one that david saw was human evil.
the story goes like this we know that the universe began 13.7 billion years ago, in an immensely hot, dense state, much smaller than a single atom.
it patently veers toward propaganda.
as you can see at the top here, they share an up-sweep, like woop, woop, woop.
well, the way we've come up with uses computers but doesn't depend on them.
mentors are just essential.
we should send peacekeeping troops to serve those who are facing a civil war.
and one of the things we tend to do as adults, again, is we edit things.
this is the war. the toyota got off track, and now the toyota is coming on the healthier side of sweden -- can you see that?
and you can say, well how do you know they're happy?
bf all right? oh my gosh. oh.
time. how can you look at time?
so we also face risks.
and what worries me, as we stand here in the rubble of the economic collapse, is that too many organizations are making their decisions, their policies about talent and people, based on assumptions that are outdated, unexamined, and rooted more in folklore than in science.
and the essex study which has just been done in the u.k., which incidentally showed that when you do this, you do not just make a room that's suitable for hearing-impaired children, you make a room where behavior improves, and results improve significantly, this found that sending a child out of area to a school that does have such a room, if you don't have one, costs 90,000 pounds a year.
and so, in fact, they concocted a couple of early, you know, founding public-health interventions in the system of the city, one of which was called the nuisances act, which they got everybody as far as they could to empty out their cesspools and just pour all that waste into the river.
and then back to the states to recuperate at veterans' hospitals, such as here in walter reed.
2004 was the tipping point for us.
but open, she says, open up
so today, i want us to reflect on the demise of guys.
we're being advised by some of these people, as was said, to try and bring all the experience to book.
we do not need everything that is there.
in one case, it had a u.s. president on it; in the other case it didn't.
choir  when you hold me in your arms  dd this is all computer-controlled in an old volvo.
we had a two-and-a-half-day-old baby in the house that was ours -- we hadn't taken it from somebody else.
all easier said than done.
it's not the material goods we want. it's the rewards we want.
but for this examination, which is really hard, we have a problem.
ok, well stand up for me just for a second, so i can see where you are.
we take orders now. i'm booking for the spring.
to start with, these women that i told you about are dancing and singing every single day, and if they can, who are we not to dance?
dec knew a good thing about wasting time.
and, very simply, and i'm really cutting it short because of the time limits here, it's essentially the ability of a country to attract others because of its culture, its political values, its foreign policies.
dr in fact, it was as if this was going to be window-washing scaffolding.
and tiger woods, for a long time, the perfect brand ambassador.
consumers don't really like these light bulbs.
well i don't think that is the case.
so the electromagnetic and weak forces are described by this pattern of particle charges in two-dimensional space.
where does it go? zero miles to plate, right down into the cafeteria.
the second thing remarkable about the tarahumara is, deep into old age -- 70 to 80 years old -- these guys aren't running marathons; they're running mega-marathons.
we can only blame ourselves. over the last 50 years the design and construction industry has gotten much more complex and has gotten much more litigious.
and after analyzing the answers, it turned out that more than half of them believe that they haven't changed their minds.
i have a very difficult task.
without the pencil, subjects were excellent judges, but with the pencil in their mouth -- when they could not mimic the smile they saw -- their judgment was impaired.
but basically, this is the editor where we're going to design the next generation of our creature. so it has a little spine.
and just a father and son trying to survive, walking along the road.
there is no escape hatch.
it was also about giving the city a sense of dimension.
well, again, the schematic view is that the eye visually interrogates what we look at.
i don't know, because i never did it, but i would imagine that it would take a great attitude.
i really thought they were so beneath me.
imagine, if you will, these two ideas together.
so we, the millennials -- i am just a millennial -- are like foot soldiers, moving us from a culture of me to a culture of we.
we can try. we'll try. maybe we'll try.
 once every year ...   ... three remarkable individuals are awarded a unique prize.   they each get 100,000 plus something much bigger.   one wish to change the world.   anyone inspired by the wish can help make it come true   ... starting now.  i was a student in the '60s, a time of social upheaval and questioning, and -- on a personal level -- an awakening sense of idealism.
wipe it up, throw it away.
what should we do about it, and what will be the outcome?
well, does anything like that happen with human beings?
and you might say, can you really be that specific?
art can change the way we see the world.
when i look at these things, they look pretty normal to me.
but people won't decide to do it until they recognize the need for it, and that's the problem that we have right now.
language is not -- i mean, things don't have any mutable value by themselves; we ascribe them a value.
and so i decided to call the track coach at georgetown.
it's not just about population, and it's not just about them; it's about us.
i find my experience from 20 years of africa is that the seemingly impossible is possible.
and nothing else emerged that really was as serious as that.
i was completely wrong.
these guys really do have this virus.
here comes euler.
and there was a building, a new building, going up, that was being built right outside, across the street from our hotel.
where do they go when they need help for this kind of stuff?
and we created, at the organization that i work for, the new economics foundation, something we call the happy planet index, because we think people should be happy and the planet should be happy.
our first operation was to re-digest it back to them, show it to them and say, you know what? we haven't touched it, but only one-third of your own program is dedicated to media and books.
problem is, the defense department over here beats the hell out of you.
bitches get beat daily.
it could be this year, or this year.
and let me conclude by saying not too far from here, right down the road in kittyhawk, north carolina, a little more than 100 years ago history was made when we had the first powered flight of an airplane on earth.
because in the beginning, the growing intimacy wasn't yet so strong that it actually led to the decrease of desire.
i think i'll try to do that this weekend. thank you.
and i can see how it might dance.
this is a film, the one called toys.
let's call them the killer apps.
take the financial crisis.
the book is called the blank slate, based on the popular idea that the human mind is a blank slate, and that all of its structure comes from socialization, culture, parenting, experience.
and it spread because of the power of an idea -- so the very, very simple idea about turning education on its head and putting the things which were marginal, things like working in teams, doing practical projects, and putting them right at the heart of learning, rather than on the edges.
there's actually more mountains in the ocean than there are on land.
whatever it is, whatever this new economy is, what we need the economy to do, in fact, is to put investment back into the heart of the model, to re-conceive investment.
and what you see is bright and dark regions, and that's about as far as it got for us.
the reason why i don't believe that tells us that the neanderthals had language is -- here's a simple analogy ferraris are cars that have engines.
so we sell 'em, and then something weird had been happening with the stores. the store, actually -- even though we started out as just a gag -- the store actually made money.
so i started asking all my friends, please take your favorite tedtalk and put that into six words.
i've seen them do it from a village called diggles in northwestern england, deep inside a village in tamil nadu, india, 6,000 miles away.
what's the difference between a sermon and our modern, secular mode of delivery, the lecture?
so then she'd get another penguin and try this ballet-like sexy display sliding down this iceberg like this.
and then they leave, and the machine spits up more coins and peanuts, and life is really dandy, if you're a crow.
there is a girl, julia butterfly hill, who lived for a year in a tree because she wanted to protect the wild oaks.
now, the rate is still too high -- still too many people unnecessarily losing their lives.
in contrast, the up-and-down quarks have very large masses, and combine in threes to make the protons and neutrons inside atoms.
and it just takes a quick, quick second.
we have to overcome our poverty. we have to deal with the hardware of development, the ports, the roads, the airports, all the infrastructural things we need to do, and the software of development, the human capital, the need for the ordinary person in india to be able to have a couple of square meals a day, to be able to send his or her children to a decent school, and to aspire to work a job that will give them opportunities in their lives that can transform themselves.
anything below eight percent sweetness is not sweet enough; anything above 12 percent sweetness is too sweet.
ecosia is an internet search engine.
is it going to be so many different countries?
do you go into your board and say, look, i've got a fantastic idea for an embryonic product in a marginal market, with consumers we've never dealt with before, and i'm not sure it's going to have a big payoff, but it could be really, really big in the future?
all of my time was spent outside with the inuit, playing.
well yeah, i tried that.
and this is a major issue.
and that's when the liberians came along.
it is like a brand new car that you have, and that's literally why they have lasted so long.
but the worst part was, not the spontaneous pain that was there 24 hours a day.
most of you did, the digital world.
john hunter puts all the problems of the world on a 4'x5' plywood board -- and lets his 4th-graders solve them. at ted2011, he explains how his world peace game engages schoolkids, and why the complex lessons it teaches -- spontaneous, and always surprising -- go further than classroom lectures can.
one particular thing that's come up that i am especially interested in is the question of whether, when we're sending military personnel to do these sorts of jobs, we ought to be equipping them differently, and in particular, whether we ought to be giving them access to some of the sorts of non-lethal weapons that police have.
i'm morgan hendry. i am nasa.
and what was i -- you know, how are you going to say anything?
i'm sorry i don't have a playful-looking subject, but it allows mobility, which has limited the actual study of play.
but anyway, i remember the cut grapefruit that we would have at the eames house when i was a kid.
and this is actually still, of course, experimental, not for use in patients.
over 20,000 economists whose job it is, competitive entry to get there, couldn't see what was happening.
and some of you guys are entrepreneurs, etc., whatever.
ocean explorer robert ballard takes us on a mindbending trip to hidden worlds underwater, where he and other researchers are finding unexpected life, resources, even new mountains. he makes a case for serious exploration and mapping. google ocean, anyone?
that means from the very beginning, weibo has already convinced the chinese government, we will not become the stage for any kind of a threat to the regime.
ok, so i'd like you to take a little away from this.
they come there, many times their parents -- you can't see it, but there's a church pew that i bought in a berkeley auction right there -- the parents will sometimes watch while their kids are being tutored.
the mit media lab's john maeda lives at the intersection of technology and art, a place that can get very complicated. here he talks about paring down to basics.
and this gave birth to the idea of having toroidal generating geometry, one with its center deep in the earth for the landside building and a toroid with its center in the sky for the island building.
the bioluminescence -- they use the lights for attracting mates and attracting prey and communicating.
people who would have specialized in killing the animals, hunting the animals on those meat locker savannahs, moving up, following the grasslands into the middle east around 45,000 years ago, during one of the rare wet phases in the sahara.
so here's a tumor.
oh, wonderful.
during that time the war was happening and his mother was killed when he was 15.
this is the -- i love this -- the boss call.
and he'll improvise entire concerts off the top of his head, and he'll never play it exactly the same way again, and so, as a form of intense creativity, i think this is a great example.
so a subject you're passionate about, a person who you want to tell their story or even your own photos -- tell me what you stand for.
762
google ... commissary department on mcclellan avenue, monterey.
but it's on the walls where all the exciting things are happening.
i get a pair of pliers and some coat hangers, and i gather them together in some kind of ropey path.
and to do that meant creating the flattest gradients that had ever yet been made, which meant building long viaducts across river valleys -- this is actually the viaduct across the thames at maidenhead -- and long tunnels such as the one at box, in wiltshire.
they understand, in that context, free. they understand free is an important essential part of the cultural ecology as well.
an idea -- a new idea -- is a new network of neurons firing in sync with each other inside your brain.
and what it is -- it's actually steak.
10 hours a day at this speed.
this is just the outline of it, and you can see, does it look like a regular building? no.
and there's a lot of cool technologies out there that life has.
they accumulate information, they learn.
this is our one-page summary.
so, this is her legacy, and i think that my call to action to all of you is you know, think about blogs, think about what they are, think about what you've thought of them, and then actually do it, because it's something that is really going to change our lives.
well, we heard that one too, but pioneer germ fighters totally rules.
dan barber's foie gras parable
like, i don't know if any of you have seen the movie city of god?
you could just hang it as a bed sheet, but again, the computation of all the physics gives you the aerodynamic shape.
it's not even mining.
i have occasional meetings with scientists.
in this light, may science and religion endeavor here for the steady evolution of mankind, from darkness to light, from narrowness to broad-mindedness, from prejudice to tolerance.
really the sahara forest project is a model for how we could create zero-carbon food, abundant renewable energy in some of the most water-stressed parts of the planet as well as reversing desertification in certain areas.
i've just turned your 50 camera into a 1,000 camera with that trick.
if you're a woman, remember that.
if everyone in this room got involved, who knows what we could do?
turns out i think he's actually a computer scientist.
you must never do that again.
it was all due to this woman, sister mary marastela, also known as my mom.
821
chases me into this room.
after 75 minutes   i had seen enough, and i got hungry, and i wanted to go home.
any particles more massive than this energy limit aren't produced, and remain invisible to us.
and i couldn't find much, really, but i found this graph produced by the itu, which is the international telecommunication union, based in geneva.
how do you build a better health care system?
she told me that this is how you would typically test for anemia.
and we sent it off, and by return mail it came back.
you have a large net in the middle with two steel doors on either end.
this is -- you know, you'd think by now i'm -- and still holding?
httpwww.ted.comtalksnickveaseyexposingtheinvisible1.html
and what goes into making those toys and tools that we use every single day?
it turns out it depends on what kind of sweatshirt they're wearing.
the accident, of course, there, was that the batsman thought the bowler was bowling fast.
so you'd think that us, as a successful species on the planet -- you, me, everybody -- would be really good at making these trade-offs.
most estimates are that, this century, we will get at least one meter.
this was the cover of science, because they thought that humans were more intelligent than these animals, but we can see by some in our administration that despite the enormous advantage in brain volume some of the attitudes remain the same. anyway, smaller raptors.
and there was an article written in the new york times, september 2010, that stated just manic enough.
so i wanted to follow those.
it's something which is suspended between what we believe we can be, and a tradition we may have forgotten.
not by preaching, not by telling, not by reading, but by addressing your mind.
and also, even perhaps more critically, because this is the only home planet we have, how do we protect us from it, while we study it?
i've been following them for the last three months.
and as a result, they lose their gifts, or worse, they stop playing altogether.
but yes, it's also true that the internet has problems, very serious problems, problems with security and problems with privacy.
and their inaugural exhibit was called happiness.
but you can do that.
so that's the visceral level.
i think we should make this even more explicit.
but the one thing i want you to notice about them is this even though this is a very long list, there isn't a single thing on it that involves other human beings.
and that's what is going to happen to humberto, unless he does something.
it is the central psychological plague of humankind in the 21st century.
we're at the ocean.
but it is not so.
we fast-track. we figure out the game.
i don't know what happened to him.
and we tried many shapes, trying to get the energy of the original design within an acoustical, acceptable format.
and my colleagues kind of think i'm crazy, but i think it's very viable.
and sharks -- we had sharks on our early dives, up to 150 sharks at once, which is an indication of a very, very healthy, very strong, system.
and he started to talk about that, and later on he invited me to his house, and i met his wife who was from massachusetts, and he and she had exactly the relationship of thomas jefferson and john adams.
i grew up under repressive military governments that devalued education, so that sometimes my parents were not paid their salaries.
and this is a titan class ship in the space game, eve online.
very lucky.
in fact, if we count all the individual organisms, we would come at much larger numbers.
you have to sing aaaaaah, and i'll stop you.
now, i remember when i was about 15, i read a copy of life magazine, which detailed a story about a 75-year-old blind russian woman who could sense printed letters -- there's still people trying to do it here -- -- who could sense printed letters and even sense colors, just by touch.
they graze everything down, intensive grazing.
freeman thomas says, i'm driven by my passion.
dna is a very elegant molecule.
finally found a cow -- and did find chicken.
we say, the ray of light came this way; the galaxy must be there, ok.
well, you know precisely what it is.
in fact, you're free to share it, to do all of these things, to copy it, to change it, even to make commercial use of it as long as you attribute the author.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjamesrandi.html
and so that's what they did. this cult of doing things right is starting to spread.
do they have the resources to face up to a serious pandemic?
redwood time moves at a more stately pace than human time.
i think there is a serious problem as you talk about this, people begin to think they don't need to work so hard to cut emissions.
so i'm going to put the slide up now. it won't be up for long.
we are not alone.
but look, i can prove to you that they're straight because i can take any one of these lines, and i can fold along it.
there are two dimensions to authenticity one, being true to yourself, which is very self-directed.
don't you ever forget that.
tragic art, as it developed in the theaters of ancient greece, in the fifth century b.c., was essentially an art form devoted to tracing how people fail, and also according them a level of sympathy, which ordinary life would not necessarily accord them.
because they actually said that you can get any color you like in a spectrum.
how is it that the colony manages to adjust the numbers of workers performing each task as conditions change?
but then these same children deny each other their full attention.
and so they still weren't getting it.
when she came into my life, we were fighting against a huge waste facility planned for the east river waterfront, despite the fact that our small part of new york city already handled more than 40 percent of the entire city's commercial waste a sewage treatment pelletizing plant, a sewage sludge plant, four power plants, the world's largest food distribution center, as well as other industries that bring more than 60,000 diesel truck trips to the area each week.
george bernard shaw said it a little differently.
one of those dark spots is madagascar, a country which is generally better known for the dreamworks film than it is actually known for the lovely people who live there.
they didn't do this with a computer.
architecture,arts,future,history,music
five years ago, roz savage quit her high-powered london job to become an ocean rower. she's crossed the atlantic solo, and just started the third leg of a pacific solo row, the first for a woman. why does she do it? hear her reasons, both deeply personal and urgently activist.
i don't need to go into that.
my daughter came to england from kuwait.
httpwww.ted.comtalkstomriellydeliversacomicsendupofted2006.html
assuming it was roughly the size of my wife's hand, i made some measurements of her thumb, and i scaled them out to the size of the skull.
well, the thesis of the bottom billion is that a billion people have been stuck living in economies that have been stagnant for 40 years, and hence diverging from the rest of mankind.
the testicles emerge -- they look like thumbs, coming right at you -- and he says, bite 'em.
remember in your car you have a gas tank.
and this is how do you make a teacher great?
this is the paradox of the wisdom of crowds, or the paradox of collective intelligence, that what it requires is actually a form of independent thinking.
your success will be determined by your own fortitude, your own confidence, your own individual hard work.
eve ensler, whom you'll hear later, has had that condition activated amazingly in her through the various waters of suffering that she has been through.
so with modern technology, we used computers to make models.
a few weeks later, three days of fun and music.
i've got to say thank you to my wife and family, for my kids, thank you for coming every day, and for my colleagues, believing and supporting me.
and she was holding her baby.
they do this with their toes. it's bizarre this peeling inspired irobot -- that we work with -- to build mecho-geckos.
when you put them side-by-side, you don't even have to read the links to see how different these two pages are.
he was begging by a bus stop a few years ago, got picked up and is now in an orphanage, has been coming to school for the last four and a half months.
here you see the building in its current state with blinds closed. this is a trompe l'oeil.
it's worse than silly -- it's really bad science.
and of course there will be advertisements.
so the first thing you have to do -- this is graham, the designer -- is, sort of, put yourself in their shoes. and so, here he is sitting under the table.
because after all, god is working through the messiah. he's going to fix all this.
httpwww.ted.comtalksajjacobsyearoflivingbiblically.html
i sold sunglasses, when i was in school, to all the kids in high school.
he didn't find it as humorous as i did, anyway.
last month, there was a piece in the guardian, in the manchester guardian, about it -- two whole pages.
and i start with galileo who used the world's first telescope to look at the moon.
there's no evidence of gathering behavior by females.
it's the beginning of a new millennium.
because picking a number that low is actually a bad choice if other people aren't doing equilibrium analysis as well.
it's in ecological sustainability.
i taught english, and i met some incredible women there.
and i was from the same area to him.
so, to go deeper, most biologists have turned to submersibles.
now, i've laughed every time i've read this.
1642
53
so, we went back, and we've been working harder yet.
the dna is organized in words, call them genes and chromosomes.
i am that refugee, and i am that girl.
there was no food, just little rice.
i was sitting in a slum outside gurgaon just next to delhi, one of the flashiest, brightest new cities popping up in india right now, and i was talking to workers who worked in garment sweatshops down the road, and i asked them what message they would like me to take to the brands.
and the point is really that we evolved to be satisfied by the world in particular ways.
dp bagels, monterey, california.
a himba is one of the 29 ethnic groups in namibia.
i didn't know what was meat, what was vegetarian.
i like to think of bathrooms like a tropical rainforest.
that's not one of us.
it's not by a small one. they just -- they just misinterpreted the fact that the earth -- there's obviously some mechanisms going on that nobody knew about, because the heat's coming in and it isn't getting warmer.
ah, the first time that i made love to a rock shrimp ...
not in the middle east.
jan chipchase on our mobile phones
kids play, we play -- of every nationality, of every race, of every color, of every religion.
now they can spend two hours a day and remediate, or get up to speed and not feel embarrassed about what they do or don't know.
but even though we're only experiencing it one piece at a time, that's just where the technology is right now.
and rapidly we started to realize that beavers can be something that a bobcat needs.
these are the dimensions that i like to work with.
last march, i went to the ted conference, and i saw jim hansen speak, the nasa scientist who first raised the alarm about global warming in the 1980s, and it seems that the predictions he made back then are coming true.
and what happened was, because they could afford it sometimes, sometimes not, i got kicked out pretty much every term.
from the time the foundations were finished, in three months it had roofs and floors.
i would put all my emotional expression into my dancing.
so that's the first reason zero tolerance policies and the way they're lived out.
so here is the earth. it's a little less than a millimeter that was turned of solid bronze.
so, designers sometimes don't do things that are immediately functional, but they're functional to our understanding of issues.
the second set of ideas i call ideas in progress.
because i had someone dear to me snatched away.
httpwww.ted.comtalksbillfordafuturebeyondtrafficgridlock.html
it depends on other systems, on ecology, on family, on community, and if these aren't replenished, capitalism suffers too.
in a sense if you want to think about it this is the classic batteries not included.
so when you hear what i'm going to talk about here today, first of all, i want to say that i am here on behalf of all the patients that i have ever met, all the ones i haven't met.
the next artist is kay overstry, and she's interested in ephemerality and transience.
and the kids were doing it in school too.
on the left, i've plotted the scores for liberals; on the right, those for conservatives; in the middle, the moderates.
violence has declined dramatically over the last 500 years.
and monday morning, i found out that he disappeared.
we could actually have all these kids spreading businesses instead of waiting for government handouts.
we are missing the story of nehia, a palestinian woman in gaza who, the minute there was a cease-fire in the last year's war, she left out of home, collected all the flour and baked as much bread for every neighbor to have, in case there is no cease-fire the day after.
this kid needs a lot of work.
so, we went from this story of steven and his history to data, and then back to paper, where we went back and engaged the medical care system.
and here's the resulting data that comes from that, the model that comes from that.
so if you look at it close enough, you'll actually see that much of this is about economics.
i had the key grip, i had a chuck grip, i had a power grasp and i had a fine pinch.
you're looking at a great example here.
i mean, if i got to go to tedx usc my life wouldn't suck. but i don't. so it does.
you don't see a description of how, you know, molecule a, you know, comes up and docks with this other molecule.
warm-blooded animals take a huge hit at this time.
anyway, the american cities lots of roads dispersed over large areas, almost no public transportation.
because in the balloon, like in life, we go very well in unforeseen directions.
just admitting this will transform our discourse about morality.
this is the ministry of justice.
the film, without his permission or even knowledge at first, found its way onto the internet.
imagine you're in an enormous room, and it's as dark as a cave.
yeah, i'm quite pleased with it.
that one's gone as well.
but what we do know is that it isn't 10 years or 10 billion dollars or a large humanoid robot away.
we found five -- five best matches, which we call the five foundations of morality.
so then, when we ask oneself how to nurture the condition for happiness, the inner conditions, and which are those which will undermine happiness.
so i can give you a little bit of first background just on me and what moved me as a -- really going back as far as a teenager and then an adult, to actually try and build this kind of thing.
in the canal, which is just outside the restaurant, there is hundreds of meters of coil piping.
now the word propaganda sets off alarm bells.
unmistakable.
we've taken them out of their natural pyramid in order to solve this problem.
we had tree ring analysts from the university of arizona join us on the expedition.
they used to say the pen is mightier than the sword. i think the camera is.
their bodies had been totally taken over by another organism, a bacterium, that had figured out how to replicate photosynthesis in the dark, through a process we now call chemosynthesis.
so when did this habit start?
i always show my pictures in the street.
now not all lies are harmful.
httpwww.ted.comtalksstevenpinkerchalksituptotheblankslate.html
they don't know who we are and they don't care. and if they did they probably wouldn't applaud.
and it turns out the further back you go in history, the little rougher it sounds.
and so we retrofit these with sensors and processors, and these robots can fly indoors without gps.
diarrheal disease organisms get transmitted in basically three ways.
so they can actually track them as they go through the entire district.
can you even see?
and we decided we'd take koreans in roughly the same geographical place with, notice, the same basic traditional culture, and we divided them in two, and we gave the northerners communism.
we will not be there.
ca how old are you?
we teach them how to go right face, left face, so they can obey instructions and know the consequences of not obeying instructions.
so let's step back from these cases and see how they shed light on the way we might improve, elevate, the terms of political discourse in the united states, and for that matter, around the world.
so the morning the fda was going to meet, this was the editorial in the wall street journal.
that's very surprising to me. and those are science graduates.
but anyway, this is about the evils of science, so i think its perfect.
i think my mother now thinks that i'm some sort of interior decorator.
whatever.
and this is a country that over-diagnoses certain mental disorders hugely.
a year later, i was listening to all the noise about the middle east conflict.
of all the people in parliament in the world, 13 percent are women.
here's a beautiful project. they really knew it'd last forever, because they'd build it out of absolutely huge stones.
which also, i think, gets into a little bit of our current idea.
how can you say that a sledgehammer is better than a ball-peen hammer?
water and electricity supply are as unpredictable as the weather, and growing up in these tough situations, at the age of 17, i was relaxing with a couple of friends of mine in winter, and we were sunbathing.
but then one author arrived, and he changed the game forever.
you cannot ask somebody to be creative in 15 minutes and really think about a problem.
no one can survive alone.
i've been beaten up more than 14 times in my life.
co2e emissions are equivalent emissions of all the greenhouse gases and particles that cause warming and converted to co2.
and i think the theater is a place where we truly enhance life with light.
and this is where they take the stuff that breaks, and they fix it, and they put it back into circulation.
and even that 95 percent student, what was the five percent they didn't know?
and when they were about five and six, four and five, jay could come to me, come to me crying.
of course, remoteness in its normal sense, which means that as you go further and further away from an urban center, you get to remoter areas.
and i try to live my dream -- well, actually, it was never my dream, but it sounds so good.
you can track it back to the factory. once you can track it back to the factory, you can look at the manufacturing processes that were used to make it, and if it's virtuous, you can label it that way. or if it's not so virtuous, you can go into -- today, go into any store, put your scanner on a palm onto a barcode, which will take you to a website.
oh, these incursions, these two wars, the 10 years of sanctions, the eight years of occupation, the insurgency that's been unleashed on your people, the tens of thousands, the hundreds of thousands of civilian deaths, all because of oil.
entertainment,live music,music,performance
and it goes from beginning to end.
we'll hear a lot more about that from al gore very shortly.
and we give them business development services, as well as financing loan and equity.
but thank you very much for having me
pawan sinha so, because this is a school for the blind, many children have permanent conditions.
connection between life and radioactive nuclei is straightforward.
and i hope that you stop looking at yourself as a consumer -- that's a label i've always hated my entire life -- and think of yourself as just using resources in one form, until they can be transformed to another form for another use later in time.
i don't want to know all the ins and outs, and the gazuntas and the yaddas and stuff.
it can only occur if the surface of the ocean has no oxygen, and is totally saturated with hydrogen sulfide -- enough, for instance, to come out of solution.
in the new jersey data, which is different, because it's not just fatal crashes, but all crashes in new jersey that are reported, it turns out that there is a 10 percent difference in injuries, but generally they're the minor injuries.
so this fact that boranes smell of sulfur had been known since 1910, and utterly forgotten until 1997, 1998.
let's have the next video.
the second time, maybe it's after the fourth toss.
i tried to convince myself that, no, no, i have worked for the policy changes.
and drew barrymore, for all her wonderful charm, is not glamorous either.
and, if i may add, at one point we will build them.
all the points, all the lines -- it's incredible.
still not a practical vehicle during all of this, but moving in the right direction, we believe.
so, there's this guy, right? victorian era.
that's what we're moving into -- where it sort of knows these things down to that level.
it's just not true.
there is a dodecahedron which i had to do in my room last night.
and i think that's true.
this is a more competent version of it.
and here is the story.
i venture there are many in this room.
here's an individual hair with a little split end there.
so, this is the way it works.
brugger and his colleague, christine mohr, gave subjects l-dopa.
and here, down, there are many countries which are less than two children per woman.
i'd go to times square and i'd look at the amazing ladies on the wall, and wonder why nobody is looking at the historical figures just behind them.
but at some point, they banded together to hunt bigger game.
but compared to what? what happens if you're not on treatment?
now, melting point has a lot to do with this.
and so she spent a year to save 50 dollars, and started borrowing, and over time she was able to buy a sewing machine.
and if mama eternal has taught us correctly, this song will make sense, not only to those of us who are a part of this gathering, but to all who sign the charter for compassion.
on the bottom here, this is the geologic timescale, and the numbers on it indicate millions of years from the present, so the zero here, that would be today.
and so people took him seriously when he said we should think about this, even though there will be some ozone impacts.
so he came back with a simpler building, but he put some funny details on it, and he moved it closer to my building.
because at the vertical of us, if you look like that, ah my god, there is god. ah god
and then as they grow older, the horns grow forward.
instead of just scoffing at this heresy that a kid wanted to get published or saying wait until you're older, my parents were really supportive.
i've been working with him about 10 years.
170
httpwww.ted.comtalkspaulmaccreadyfliesonsolarwings.html
let's start with why this is important.
you know, if you haven't got an argument that's that strong, then just don't waste my time, is what i say.
you should just nudge them in the right direction.
we observe the cells in a plate, and they're just on the surface.
and currently we're working on oxygen -- oxygen delivery on-site.
they sense their neighbors.
just look what they have done.
and i wrote a couple of chapters.
yes? ok, steve jobs.
everything's a contradiction.
hold down the shift key to scroll back up again.
so, in indonesia at this time, if you were carrying a needle and the cops rounded you up, they could put you into jail.
we all had to fast during ramadan.
i've seen them in those agonizing moments when they were scared to death.
600 bucks, happened two days ago.
the time's going backwards because i'm inside of it.
what if the only natural advantage we had in the world was the fact that we could get together as a group, go out there on that african savannah, pick out an antelope and go out as a pack and run that thing to death?
and two magical things happened after he was born.
we have to go talk to him. because i'd like to know what happened.
 yeah, alright, come on, eh.
so maybe you took a similar aircraft to get here today.
and the sound that you're hearing, unlike a regular speaker on which all the sound is made on the face, is made out in front of it, in the air.
michael's a young guy.
they've done a fantastic job of pulling this together.
que? which means what, and so much more.
we have some cameras on the south edge of the ilulissat, watching the calving face as it goes through this dramatic retreat.
there are 800 million people starving.
and so he started clustering it by category, and then he started using it, and then his friends started using it.
i invented a plasma antenna, to shift gears.
and as you'll see now, i'm not wearing pants.
and i bent it 'round, and made it into the chariot.
when we started this project, one of the core ideas was to look back in history and try to understand what was there.
amazing. amazing performance.
so the problem is that measuring -- if you try to measure all the proteins, it's a very elaborate process.
and this is what my mother took me to when i was five.
as opposed to learning with made-up sentences, people are learning with real content, which is inherently interesting.
we also created a boardroom, and i hired a japanese cabinetmaker from kyoto, japan, and commissioned him to do 60 pieces of furniture for our building.
if i -- that street map is all about everybody doing their bit and it creates an incredible resource because everybody else does theirs.
because i think it's an urgent question.
for those of you who are retailers, you may want to look away before i show this slide.
and if you comply, you will go to heaven.
shortly after i saw that, we had some friends over for dinner with the family. the conversation turned to global warming, and everybody agreed, there's a real problem.
think of it in minivans. a group of automobile engineers on their weekends are competing with toyota. right?
it's highly commercial.
it was written by laurence alma-tadema.
the vision of that which has already been proven or can be ascertained.
for a long time, infrastructure was not a priority.
these people inspire me, and they inspire me because they show us what is possible when you change the way you look at the world, change the way you look at your place in the world.
that's the short term. that's the flame part.
what is astonishing about this is, even though we don't know really how much of this was intended to be religious, or how much of it was intended to be therapeutic, what we can tell is that these patients lived
cartoons are basically short stories.
the dispersants make the oil go right under the booms.
well it's 150 times more resistant to electric current than that salt dough.
the good news is that the same technology that allowed miniaturization of electronics is now allowing us to miniaturize biological laboratories.
well, i didn't have that in mind, so ...
and i'm like that's not rubber at all, you know.
shashi tharoor why nations should pursue soft power
and we have the greatest chance of success if we recognize our vulnerability.
in fact, i'm borrowing here from one of those very popular books of the time.
the phone puts the period, the space, and the capital for you.
the last sister stood up and said, i'm also positive.
this shows that in this very simple example, which happens to be a mundane example of number of petrol stations as a function of size -- plotted in the same way as the biology -- you see exactly the same kind of thing.
it becomes critical to find a symbol that will pull together all iranians -- muslims and non-muslims, christians, zoroastrians, jews living in iran, people who are devout, not devout.
to which i need only add, ez a mi munkank; es nem is keves.
so i'm going to demonstrate that through discussion of some of the climate change things that are going on in the ocean.
so i do encourage you all to think about which senses you'd like to extend.
this was the pre-bureaucratic age, an age in which everything had to be local.
pm and the doctors have some very big rules about who can get treated at the clinic.
that can mean community organizing from below, but it can also mean possibilities from above.
we come from somewhere and we are hopefully traveling all the time, moving towards a new place.
so, with nobody telling anybody what to do, how is it that the colony manages to adjust the numbers of workers performing each task?
two years, i was ostracized, i was stigmatized, i was isolated, because i was a victim.
maybe i should clarify it.
man ow ow
and the fact that i asked for help -- how many people jumped on board?
it's not completely gone. i'm going to come back to that.
we started talking with a local telecom provider called voil, which is a subsidiary of trilogy international.
and that's why i lump growing lethality of hatred and death spiral of negativity under the general rubric, reasons to be cheerful.
this thing was made of resin and it was too light.
we go to meetings in the present tense; we go on family vacations in the present tense; we go to the polls and vote in the present tense.
and only one contrary data point can blow your theory out of the water.
and over the course of this experiment, these stars have moved a tremendous amount.
it suggests that we care about the fight, about the challenge.
lg yes? you see that in the screen?
and i am illustrating still.
this is rigoberta menchu tum.
and the movie is displayed as a full frame movie.
now the lesson of that seems clear to me, and i don't know why it isn't informing public debate.
and across eastern europe, jews display pictures of cyrus and of george v side by side -- the two great rulers who have allowed the return to jerusalem.
now a couple of companies -- like google -- they have innovation time off, 20 percent time, where, in a sense, those are hunch-cultivating mechanisms in an organization.
it's constructed. it's created in your brain.
robert neuwirth, author of shadow cities, finds the worlds squatter sites -- where a billion people now make their homes -- to be thriving centers of ingenuity and innovation. he takes us on a tour.
see? he is there 100 percent, but not commanding, not telling what to do.
a page was created.
and it's one of the classic examples in animal behavior of bluffing.
and, until you have real compassion, you cannot recognize love.
because i was from the united kingdom, they thought the word ninja was a little too mean for children, so they decided to call it hero instead.
therefore, we don't find the moral, emotional, psychological and political space to distance ourselves from the reality of social responsibility.
and the great thing is there's no trick like with the glass ceiling.
so we didn't get caught this time.
we can't just focus on identifying the best; we've got to move the rest.
so, i think the message i take, from what i read from the book, from what armstrong said, and from all these people, is that these are neighborhoods.
and you know very little about me actually.
so how does it work?
and so i began to ask a different question.
lithium, that is a drug used to treat bipolar disorder, that a group in italy found slowed als down in 16 patients, and published it.
it's very difficult to be healthy on a planet where we've poisoned the earth and the sea and the air.
you need a lot of trust, but it's not like, i'm trying to get to pensacola, please.
i met with david to talk about what i might do in his company.
the people on the chairs are very different, but the number, the abstract idea of the number, is the same.
and we become the subjects and objects of other people's lives.
everything you'll see here, except the car, is origami.
that is not true, and if it were, life would be incredibly boring.
one of them i'm starting from almost nothing, but the other one, i wanted to find out what's going on that's working right now.
the device is completely portable, and can be ...
and the irony is that he wasn't very good at math.
you picked a particular breed, you learned some new information about the breed.
and that's happened now in a number of countries.
none of those happened.
you cannot begin to build a healthcare system for six million people with such limited resources.
but the joke is, an epidemiologist likes to arrive at an epidemic right here and ride to glory on the downhill curve.
i want to give you one example.
but a multiple polarity of power means shifting and changing alliances.
it should feel familiar and kind of resonate for anyone who's had a sing-a-long or a dance party with a group of good friends.
that's enough right there to start to build a compelling chronicle of what's now happening to our planet, but we could do more.
here's another one -- completely different one why is it that we don't do the blindingly obvious things we should do to combat climate change, very, very simple things like buying energy-efficient appliances, putting in efficient lights, turning the lights off occasionally, insulating our homes?
they said things like this.
in the background, my bicycle.
it teaches people to be satisfied with trivial, supernatural non-explanations and blinds them to the wonderful real explanations that we have within our grasp.
i've been in afghanistan for 21 years.
we crave to be in the room with the musician the day it was recorded, the day it was played.
and then tell me that each and every one of those trucks and trains isn't a potential terrorist target.
but the picture isn't always perfect, as we all know, and sometimes strands of magnetic field remain inside the superconductor.
this is that part of the united states that lies beneath the sea.
it was truly exciting.
he doesn't do it yet without a lighter, but i think if he saw someone do it, he might be able to do -- make a fire without a lighter.
mars had rivers, mars had lakes, but more important mars had planetary-scale oceans.
you're 37 percent better at sales.
public agenda did a survey for us a couple of years ago where they found that 43 percent of the high school teachers in america say that they spend at least half of their time maintaining order in the classroom.
what would we find out about them? about us?
if you're pregnant, take care of your pregnancy.
it's hard to study a bluefin on its turf, the entire pacific realm.
aimee corrigan, a very talented and young photographer, and robert caputo, a friend and a mentor, who is a veteran of national geographic, and told me, you know, franco, in 25 years of covering africa, i don't know if i have come across a story that is so full of hope and so fun.
and i, of course, don't have time to go into all of them.
seems like every school has an arsenal of names getting updated every year, and if a kid breaks in a school and no one around chooses to hear, do they make a sound?
now the problem here is that patternicities will occur whenever the cost of making a type i error is less than the cost of making a type ii error.
invisible -- everyone of us does it every day, so to speak.
but he hears some voices up in the stairwell, so he climbs up the stairwell.
in 1899, joseph conrad released the heart of darkness, a tale of grim horror along the congo river.
so you put four on this one to make it light up and two on this one to make it light up.
but we need to think broad-scale. we need to think globally.
we first need to verify that we are on target.
it's really hard to imagine a sofa, how it's going to look in your house.
this is a pocket of futureless language speakers in northern europe.
eve ensler, creator of the vagina monologues, shares how a discussion about menopause with her friends led to talking about all sorts of sexual acts onstage, waging a global campaign to end violence toward women and finding her own happiness.
but it is a politics of principle, not of partisanship.
and i think its probably in the divergent mode that we most need playfulness.
so, if i, kind of, break this bread, maybe we can share this now a little bit here.
and i went out.
ab does yours go higher?
if you look at this piece of paper, this is the breadth and this is called length.
jose abreu on kids transformed by music
there's a good reason that we don't do that, and there's a good reason that using game theory and computers, we can overcome the limitation of just looking at a few people.
one of the most elegant dancers of his generation, known for his long steps, and his tempo changes and his pivots.
i'm just going to make the whole thing myself.
by the '70s, home cooking was in such a sad state that the high fat and spice contents of foods like mcnuggets and hot pockets -- and we all have our favorites, actually -- made this stuff more appealing than the bland things that people were serving at home.
it's ambrogio lorenzetti's allegory of good government.
because certainly we have gotten used to the propaganda that the simple is the good. but i don't believe it.
but i am also trying to make sanitary pad with the good cotton. it's not working.
if i'd have waited around for that, i would have never -- the frog would have died, you know.
back when i was your age, we didn't know what the universe was going to do.
the locations of these enlightened districts, i think, will fail to surprise you.
but i want to tell you something useful -- and here it is, so concentrate now.
five times as many centenarians as we have in america.
he said gdp measures everything in short, except that which makes life worthwhile.
and when it hits the mid-brain, that's when the headache begins.
last year, i was invited to speak at nba all-stars game.
the pool expanded a little bit if we ignored one intracellular parasite; it expanded even more when we looked at core sets of genes of around 310 or so.
the changes are happening. they're very visible.
i love taking supplements and being fit, but i can never understand what's going on in terms of evidence.
it's not spin. it's not wishful thinking.
and i hope in pursuing your dreams, you all remain resolute, that you go forward without limits, and that you use your talents -- because there are many; we've seen them; it's there -- that you use them to create the world as it should be.
sam harris yeah, well i think i tried to broach this in a sentence, watching the clock ticking, but the question is what is voluntary in a context where men have certain expectations, and you're guaranteed to be treated in a certain way if you don't veil yourself?
maybe it's something special in his brain that allows him to make tools or to have mathematics.
now, you can carry this in your wallet, so ...
how could we care about something less than something that happens after we die?
and this is a particularly small scooter for a gentleman of this size.
she was wearing this silver ring that had the word love engraved on it, and she'd found it in the road somewhere.
and, according to jesus, the word comes forth, you must love yourself, you must love the lord your god with all your heart, mind and soul, and your neighbor as yourself.
i will be with you through the end.
and if you look at a galaxy even farther away, it would be moving away faster.
dan pink on the surprising science of motivation
and when i first came across it in the early '90s, i thought my predecessor, malcolm dyson and bob wright, had really taken leave of their senses, and ill explain to you why this was the case.
it was two persons saying, let's do this, and the company said, yes.
then of course, you fill out the captcha because you help us digitize a book.
pragmatic chaos is, like all of netflix algorithms, trying to do the same thing.
so no matter that i have inhibitions to fill all my pockets, i keep trying, hoping that one day i'll write a poem i can be proud to let sit in a museum exhibit as the only proof i existed.
there are two nations, north korea and israel, that have nuclear weapons and don't have nuclear power at all.
so dimitri's now going to use -- he's used his hand; he's used his body.
what they discovered was that in our netflix queues there's this epic struggle going on between our future aspirational selves and our more impulsive present selves.
won't a diet heavy in fruit and vegetables turn us into godless, sissy, liberals?
now this is an extremely complicated subject, in part because the things that we call beautiful are so different.
but growing up at 915, compassion was not a word to be debated; it was a sensibility to how we are together.
so what's needed is those organizations on the ground advocating for the democratic culture itself to create the demand on the ground for this culture.
as though that -- we call religious people often believers, as though that were the main thing that they do. and very often, secondary goals get pushed into the first place, in place of compassion and the golden rule.
this is a relatively clean river.
i went to bhutan.
and we were in for our first surprise.
and that was something that i went through, you know, and i'm still going through.
you see a girl here who is trained as a welder.
this model, a model of overlap, is the way to move forward.
can you find cookie monster?
so we celebrated.
and so, another way of hopefully determining who's friendly and who isn't.
and after that, my mother believed that it was fate, or curses -- she went looking through all the reasons in the universe why this would have happened.
but even at menstruation, they're better than the average man.
talk about the kinds of things we're scoping out.
so this is a cat scan -- computer aided tomography.
and our founding fathers knew about this.
looks like a much prettier version of margaret thatcher, but without any of the soft bits in margaret's character.
is that you were the better man, in the end; you were the better man, my friend.
our creativity comes from without, not from within.
httpwww.ted.comtalksfabianhemmerttheshapeshiftingfutureofthemobilephone.html
in fact, in the area where she comes from, more than 90 percent of the tasmanian devil population has already died of this disease.
if we put up the elmo for a moment -- if we put up the elmo, then we'll get, you know, i'll give you a model that you can work from, ok?
what year, chris, would you like?
well, it's pretty simple.
and that's going to impact how it's going to evolve.
and all this against incredible logistical odds, like heat and traffic jams.
that's what plumbers look like, right?
take a look at what brain activity might look like.
and i'm really worried, because when people talk about cars -- which i know something about -- the press and politicians and people in this room are all thinking, let's use fuel-efficient cars.
this is a really easy problem.
and because of the rain until four o'clock in the afternoon, nobody went to the polling stations.
you know, a data network.
so vivian and i have been working together for 23 years.
you throw everything else away. you become a monomaniac -- all you care about is not stepping out on that platform.
and it was 800 am when i stood there.
and, anyway, despite the fact that they were far superior in adherence, and the quality of their tomato paste, prego was struggling.
yes, at the end.
this is a horse chestnut.
it's absurd. it's just absurd.
let us attempt to read out memories from connectomes.
50 years ago the pressure was for the right to social security and welfare.
and you have to walk very far to be able to see it.
you're the very first people to see this.
we've tried to build in retrieval practice into the platform, as well as other forms of practice in many ways.
maybe this is because feminism, unlike almost every other social movement, is not a struggle against a distinct oppressor -- it's not the ruling class or the occupiers or the colonizers -- it's against a deeply held set of beliefs and assumptions that we women, far too often, hold ourselves.
it continued to rise.
from there i went on to wingsuit flying.
what was really exciting about this project was we, and beau, had no idea whether it would work.
most of the planet is ocean water.
wilkins and this collaborator, or possible collaborator, rosalind franklin, came up and sort of laughed at our model.
it's like the guy is sitting next to you, whispering who knows what into your ear.
arts,biology,science,visualizations
because you don't know whether you're right or wrong, and so all you seek is divine empathy.
you basically published something there, ran into trouble with a bank, then the news service there was injuncted from running the story.
we talk about energy independence. we talk about hydrogen cars.
so we scanned their brains, looking at a photograph of their sweetheart and looking at a neutral photograph, with a distraction task in between.
the last thing i want to talk about, apropos of the issue of the pursuit of happiness, is that study after study have shown that people who are lonely and depressed -- and depression is the other real epidemic in our culture -- are many times more likely to get sick and die prematurely, in part because, as we talked about, theyre more likely to smoke and overeat and drink too much and work too hard and so on.
so the average western first-grader spends as much as 50 percent of their play time taking part in whats called construction play.
i just sold that for a million and a half dollars, cash.
it's no exaggeration to say that the mobile phone may be among the world's most important technologies.
we can offer people the grand continuity of experience and personal investment.
we can make a chicken with teeth.
and everybody outside thought we were dying.
but there is one other reason why india fell in love with cricket, which was, all you needed was a plank of wood and a rubber ball, and any number of people could play it anywhere.
there is a big difference between linear and exponential growth.
in order to do this, we need to introduce new forces with new charge directions.
as we go smaller, here is a human hair.
all right. so i showed you some of our exciting robots at work.
don't let them hook up with the chinese cats.
so this, for example, is hydrogen-generating algae.
the chambal river is an absolutely incredible place.
well babies will fake a cry, pause, wait to see who's coming and then go right back to crying.
that is to say, it's a big change, but it isn't avoidable.
what's wrong with you people on the other side in the other party?
and so we're going to have to do a lot of work that goes beyond just the internet.
we need initial upfront investment to train doctors, nurses, health administration and community health workers throughout the country, to set up the information technology, the solar energy, the water and sanitation, the transportation infrastructure.
the brain isn't divided into compartments.
i think that now i feel nervous.
but there was another scientist who had been watching this, an ecologist.
and you know, i'm getting a little bit gray -- so is ray kurzweil, so is eric drexler.
but, of course, she was also extremely cold.
and i ever met more humble people.
and let me just show you that.
we also refer to subclinical conditions.
what we want to do is mix in all types of data.
they sell off the assets.
what are the incredible weaknesses?
headlines that look like this when they have to do with climate change, and headlines that look like this when they have to do with air quality or smog.
witness we walked and walked for two days.
then what we want to do is create six-meter versions so we can test the maximum performance of these machines, so we can go at very, very high speed.
and you can measure the performance, in terms of energy consumption, of that building against a typical library.
and as you can see, there was a lot of other stuff inside that circle.
it was a little bit too funky, and we wanted a more feminine point of view and employed a duck who did it in a much more fitting way -- my studio in bali was only 10 minutes away from a monkey forest, and monkeys, of course, are supposed to be the happiest of all animals.
except, maybe we do.
but when he died at the age of 94, the police had to close down the streets of his neighborhood to accommodate the crowd of people who came out to mourn him.
and that's why change is fundamental in story.
so i'm hoping you can see a little theme here.
we know that hurricanes have always happened in the past.
again, a remarkable person.
as my physical therapist likes to say, every step is a tragedy waiting to happen.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdanphillipscreativehousesfromreclaimedstuff.html
and this exhibition is about the work of designers that help us be more elastic, and also of designers that really work on this elasticity as an opportunity. and one last thing is that it's not only designers, but it's also scientists.
it's not virginity; it's fecundity.
here is the same data on a map.
women used to get really debilitating surgeries to excise all of the axillary lymph nodes.
still, four years later we have created jobs for about 3,000 people.
and that blew my mind.
and i hope that one day armies can be disbanded and humans will find a way of living together without violence and oppression.
we can put anything we want into it, and it doesn't get heavier, and then we can take anything out.
the exciting thing is, look at the faces of the people.
and at that young age, 10 years old, benki became the paje of his community.
so that's where a headrest comes in.
you can sort of have it all with these things.
and some of them were available. so, we hired one.
that's all i wanted -- just two practices.
httpwww.ted.comtalksfreemandysonsaysletslookforlifeintheoutersolarsystem.html
tr if you think about it, i think the eyeball is the same, as american or african, the problem is the same, the treatment is the same.
for instance, five squared would be?
what a piece of work is man how noble in reason
i went back to south carolina after some 15 years amid the alien corn at the tail end of the 1960s, with the reckless condescension of that era thinking i would save my people.
i was 95 lbs.
that's really the main question before us today. is it possible to slow down? and i'm happy to be able to say to you that the answer is a resounding yes.
then the question is, can you reassemble, with that genome, the whole bird?
what happened to me might have been catastrophic, if not for the fact that i was in reach of good surgical access.
the manufacturers are -- the domestics are usually -- you can tell a domestic factory by the fact that they all use the same color uniforms.
all of this was going through my head towards the end of 2008, when, of course, the great financial crash happened.
there was the mother, the grandmother, the best friend -- they all wanted to shout the story.
this is ours.
clinging to rock, and eating it too ... transforming barren land.
and then, the systemic risks.
that force on the right is more like a 40-year-old cop.
this is a view of the earth now, if we extract a lot of it.
meanwhile, back at ted university, this wonderful woman is teaching you how to chop sun chips.
and he said well, that's how we do it.
so one thing we can do is live longer.
there's all sorts of wonderful cases of species.
you could be a random fluctuation out of the nothingness.
and it would build a working alliance with you through that dialogue.
all of that? that's what makes it equally as possible as the genius that goes inside of it.
he's at mit.
the okeanos explorer on its mission.
annie had been killed, along with 20 members of her herd.
inside it, i will place a mockingbird for -- short explanation, hippie parents.
and if anyone should be clinging to the former glory of the coal mining history, and of the town, it should be judy.
now i said back in our little thought experiment, you're a hominid walking on the plains of africa.
when you have 21 minutes to speak, two million years seems like a really long time.
so, again, this idea of workarounds.
i'm glad to say that is starting to happen now.
and we started with the hope that maybe we can sort of tweak our financial institutions, tweak our technologies to make ourselves better.
finally, they commit.
and because of this left weighting, the average is actually here, way to the left.
you know, we saw this in the core samples as they came up.
okay, we have to ask ourselves, are we willing to live in a world with slavery?
so my story is a tale of two brains, because it might surprise you, our gut has a full-fledged brain.
i have work to do.
it is really -- i mean, i can't express to you how exquisite this object is.
i could not believe i had pledged allegiance to research, where our job -- you know, the definition of research is to control and predict, to study phenomena, for the explicit reason to control and predict.
well, the striking patterns of human social networks, their ubiquity and their apparent purpose beg questions about whether we evolved to have human social networks in the first place, and whether we evolved to form networks with a particular structure.
we carried on sailing through the ice packs towards the north pole.
you start with 12 and they take them away.
he also creates phantasmagoric sculptures made of bones from cast resin.
it's inflating very fast.
and the dad used to use those bulls to tell the boy stories about that civilization and their work.
and we can lose this with the very noble idea to keep people accountable for showing the people that we're not going to tolerate politicians the opportunism in politics.
we made up a little batch and we put it on the driveway and we threw a match and phew, it flared up. ah, it was great.
so this particular student, james king, went around the beautiful english countryside, picked the best, best cow that he could see, and then put her in the mri machine.
david brin was going to debate me on this, and as i walked in, the crowd of a hundred started booing lustily.
here's the girlfriend.
and i'm really here to talk about design.
now, congestion charges were introduced in stockholm on january 3, 2006, and the first picture here is a picture of stockholm, one of the typical streets, january 2.
i saw sergeant command raising his hand, no retreat, no surrender.
all around us, everywhere, there are people like this.
you see this rising force in sort of total transparency and openness that companies are starting to adopt, all because the consumer is demanding it.
i'll show you one example here.
being a monolingual american, i obviously don't know what the phrase means.
they are on the money side all the time.
one of our philosophies in the book is that no dish is really intrinsically any better than any other dish.
that's been the discoveries of the last 2,000 years, that's mankind moving forward.
ca and you were also -- i mean, you were also a hacker at an early age and ran into the authorities early on.
so, i wipe the pigeon manure off one of the bells, and i look at it.
perhaps even in some arrangement that's a little bit like an escrow account, where you put land in the escrow account and the partner nation takes responsibility for it.
some architectures.
might be more complicated in humans, but perhaps not that much.
and i think we have a tendency to make each other feel guilty.
still, to be able to die with no special contrition, not having been slaughtered, or enslaved.
and i went looking for chicken.
that's absolute hogwash.
but now that we've been given media tools -- the internet, mobile phones -- that let us do more than consume, what we're seeing is that people weren't couch potatoes because we liked to be.
oh, you like my ring? it's my grandmother.
that's still conventional bits, the step after that is -- this is an earlier prototype in the lab; this is high-speed video slowed down.
and there's a lot of social responsibility in that.
and part of the joy of it is, you know the difficulty.
collaboration,design,food
and for example, some things we could do that would be policy solutions which are not really in the political air right now but perhaps with the change of administration would be -- use markets.
young boys are taught justifications for suicide attacks and the execution of spies.
we'd like to get therapies better and more effective.
so it really, really helps the criminal investigation to establish the cause of death, and in some cases also directing the investigation in the right direction to find out who the killer really was.
it's frankly more memorable than all those millions of hotels we've all stayed at that tell you that your room has actually been recently renovated at a cost of 500,000 dollars, in order to make it resemble every other hotel room you've ever stayed in in the entire course of your life.
ok. now, the third theory is that -- well, let's ask ourselves what's really going on in synesthesia. all right?
572
start with the notion that global warming is not only real, but dangerous.
and it was a big christmas hit.
these women are learning about first aid and their rights according to the constitution.
and they're retaliation-proof.
for 4,000 years, we fished sustainably for this animal, and it's evidenced in the art that we see from thousands of years ago.
detail.
i will be attending aims.
we almost don't feel ourselves.
these are squid. now males, when they fight, if they're really aggressive, they turn white.
the activists i interviewed had nothing in common, literally, except for one thing, which was that they all cited their mothers as their most looming and important activist influences.
and i've got a gift here from a friend of mine's rabbit.
and of course, in wartime, conditions aren't perfect.
a few bring out 100,000 dollars each.
jonathan harris maybe you'll die? woman yes.
so will evil prevail? is that the question?
so my concept of what a design studio was probably -- i wasn't up to speed on where these guys were.
and through this, we actually started realizing our dreams, and we maintained honoring our traditions but we were still open to new ideas.
let's face it, becoming a celibate monk is going to change a number of things.
and then we just simply translate that into sound.
and the last slide i want to show you is from -- i was -- again, this swami that i studied with for so many years, and i did a combined oncology and cardiology grand rounds at the university of virginia medical school a couple of years ago.
and the warden was quite amused, and he told me he thought that i was a nut and he told me, this place is a correction facility. these guys are serious offenders.
management did not emanate from nature.
when you go into beauty the probability wave collapses into one possibility.
aaron motsoaledi, the current health minister, attended that concert and i had an opportunity to meet with him, and he gave his absolute commitment to try to making a change, which is absolutely necessary.
but here we see the complex trajectory of the cassini mission color coded for different mission phases, ingeniously developed so that 45 encounters with the largest moon, titan, which is larger that the planet mercury, diverts the orbit into different parts of mission phase.
when he saw me on what turned out to be his last hours on this earth, his hands moved as if in slow motion.
and i'm going to just talk very briefly about two kinds of biological pollution one is introduced species and the other is what comes from nutrients.
burnham had designed a railroad station that was never built, and so we followed.
and with this, we can get the skinny on our psychological happenings and build a story of our behaviors over time.
now, of course our situation in the world can be understood at many levels -- from the level of the genome on up to the level of economic systems and political arrangements.
and you can't find this guy on google; you can't find him anywhere.
thank you. thank you
then a number of years went by, and there were a lot of rumors about bird flu.
frank wilson had written a book called the hand.
and i think the real challenge is to figure out where are the cases in our lives where conflicts of interest work on us, and try not to trust our own intuition to overcome it, but to try to do things that prevent us from falling prey to these behaviors, because we can create lots of undesirable circumstances.
so sony is generating revenue from both of these.
and the first thing that went right was, of course, these five revolutions which, in my view, very much changed the way we're living and deepened our democratic experience.
my father has this on his desk, and he sees his grandchildren everyday, changing constantly.
now, people like things that have, like, names like that, that they can envision it, right? i mean -- but people don't like things like this, so -- most -- i mean, you don't get all excited about things like the actual evidence, you know, which would be evidence for strengthening of the tropical circulation in the 1990s.
and of course it's growing so fast, sometimes there's growing pains.
so i went back and re-read the fountainhead.
and at the time -- this was a few years ago -- it cost 100,000.
i sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it.
lc hopefully within the next two years.
now, most of you have figured out that this was a prank, and actually a very, very good one.
i mean now we're hoping we start to see it; they've already built city hall, attracted two hotels.
so they sent us this screen shot with the author in the microsoft word id.
just type it into the box, and there's your answer.
now, of course, in a mosh pit it's hard to specify a destination.
it was put there by our distant ancestors who spread across the world, and it's never going to be quenched.
accepting his 2006 ted prize, cameron sinclair demonstrates how passionate designers and architects can respond to world housing crises. he unveils his ted prize wish for a network to improve global living standards through collaborative design.
and we know this because when we study different language groups and associate them with their cultures, we see that different languages slow the flow of ideas between groups.
this whole thing is about four feet wide, and the chair itself is only about a few inches.
and we also found that we could make a more efficient structure and have a cost-effective way of making a structure to do this.
the west may collapse very suddenly.
whether the humans survive or don't survive, these things are going to be living on this planet or other planets.
oh, goldie hawn. i love her, too; she's wonderful. yeah.
she hates this picture -- it was her first job.
so let's get to what i would like, which is world peace.
there was no expense cost. perfect field trip.
it can do this in 14 milliseconds. it's unbelievable.
i don't know. but it's investigative material, no doubt.
now you may prefer this loaf of bread.
that is not boring. that is nothing if it's not boring.
i also use this feature called voice macros. period.
my wife is a saudi from yemeni roots.
so now, my friends, if that is true, and it is true, what is the point?
what the f -- ?
so, now you're not alternately heating and cooling the metal, you're just alternately heating and cooling the air.
artificial retinas, the ability to put these arrays on the back of the eyeball and allow the blind to see.
together they comprise practical wisdom, which aristotle thought was the master virtue.
where are you going to stick them? you only have so many design tools.
i spoke about this before, and a brilliant person got in touch with me and said, okay, what can you do?
because this is what tomorrow could look like bottom-up, technology-enabled global collaboration to handle the biggest crisis our civilization has ever faced.
when i talk about antarctica, people often say, hasn't, you know, that's interesting, hasn't that blue peter presenter just done it on a bike?
his biggest obstacle, really, was the marketplace, which demands these days bright yellow foie gras.
anyway, he had to do all this because he was completely obsessed with output.
this removes the distinction between time and space, and means the laws of evolution can also determine the initial state.
i went to the democratic republic of congo.
north of churchill, manitoba, in october and november, there's no ice on hudson bay.
the changes are massive.
you can watch me for one minute now and you'll see the whole thing.
because therein lies the mystery of eroticism.
they built a high-explosive propelled model.
we want to be in the forefront fields, and we want to do it differently.
imagine that. it's only seven miles, but only two people have been there, 49 years ago.
he came there and he started to fiddle around with the touchpad.
it's a spinning globe, the surface of which is entirely composed of the pictures and words and drawings of people that submitted to the time capsule.
and that is one of the ideas.
hot studio did a great job in a very tight deadline. so, visit the site.
ms warren, are you a golfer?
so, we all know about the narmada river, the tragedies of dams, the tragedies of huge projects which displace people and wreck river systems without providing livelihoods.
you let it cool to room temperature, and then, as the ammonia re-evaporates and combines with the water back on the erstwhile hot side, it creates a powerful cooling effect.
and so here was this lesson again -- leadership matters.
looking at the entire facade -- there were 70 total windows -- and i knew what i had to do.
it's a great time to be a molecular biologist.
this repetition of perception is sometimes called palinopsia.
and so in this video here -- this is a video taken from david desteno's lab at northeastern university.
dennis hong i'm so happy for you.
this is the realm of the coast redwood tree.
and they all moved to different parts of the planet.
and by the way, it's also terrible for your brain.
it won lots of awards.
the invitation of bringing makers and artists and entrepreneurs -- it really helps stimulate this fiery creativity and helps a city to thrive.
and believe me, there were no wal-marts or convenience stores out there then, so it really was a form of country living.
there are some places you can't look because of our own galaxy, or because there are no telescopes available to do it.
and we learned something important there.
this is mars pathfinder. this is phoenix, we just put two years ago.
the men should clear out because we don't want to share this technology with the men.
she could also read the serial numbers on bills when they were placed, face down, on a hard surface.
so it's early days, to be upfront, but we're excited about it.
so the same kids who are working in the gang were actually -- at the very same time, they would typically be working part-time at a place like mcdonald's.
i am another image and vision of another survivor of war.
this is the complication.
so for example, many people share with me this wish, that some day a more advanced version of siri, the digital assistant on apple's iphone, will be more like a best friend, someone who will listen when others won't.
because sometimes people from outside the u.k.
httpwww.ted.comtalkshansroslingatstate.html
vannevar bush was the u.s. government's chief scientific adviser during the war.
the important thing is we can write it in a high-level language.
it's value created by the participants for each other.
do we care about those four billion people whose income levels are less than two dollars a day, the so-called bottom of the pyramid?
everybody was very friendly, especially i got a lot of friends.
text help i've been waiting for over 20 minutes, and nothing happens.
and there were 20 of them that i had -- that i was responsible for, and i worked on the farm and tried to keep up with my studies.
so come on there we go, there we go. thank you. thank you. oh.
and people immediately freak out about things about ebola or smallpox, but the dna from this organism is not infective.
there are several reasons why this is interesting and one of them, of course, is time travel.
we manufacture them in-house, ourselves. that keeps the costs down.
but i did forsake them and i didn't open that suitcase again until i was back home with my family at the end of the summer.
and those are things that i can do to the symmetrical object that make it look like it did before i started.
receipts go down, some spending programs go up, but most of it is not because of that.
and would you be able to, kind of, draw a -- you don't have to draw the diagram, but would you be able to draw the diagram, if you had to do it? or would you just say, that's actually not possible?
so, the first position we took was, hey, we as architects had better not show up and do a pristine building that doesn't engender the same freedoms that this old dilapidated shed provided the company.
consciousness. i see all your faces.
so i called george irwin, and what do you know?
and the question is how do you get your brain into environments where these new networks are going to be more likely to form?
so to take one example among many in southern india there's a practice known as jholabhari, in which the pregnant woman, when she's seven or eight months pregnant, moves in with her mother and goes through a series of rituals and ceremonies, give birth and returns home to her nuclear family several months after the child is born.
but he seemed nervous.
at least 60 percent of the homes on the reservation are infested with black mold.
it's worth recalling that there are a lot of other modification technologies and enhancement technologies that we use.
but here instead are examples, you can already 3d-print textiles, which is very interesting.
and as i grew older, i then auditioned for the royal academy of music in london, and they said, well, no, we won't accept you, because we haven't a clue, you know, of the future of a so-called 'deaf' musician.
and the way we deal with that is we displace them -- we put them into a golden world, an imagined world, an age of heroes, the world to come.
so, basically you breath pure o2 first, oxygenating your body, flushing out co2, and you are able to hold much longer.
undoubtedly, nigeria is clearly a hot spot.
and this is very important light to capture, because this is the light that reflects off the first surface of the skin.
and we need to figure out how to cultivate xenophiles.
it's out of print -- still ...
so you see it that way.
hurray my boy finally started to lie
so even with the slowing of the rotation of the earth and so on, the clock will keep perfectly good time.
that is how you all happen to use and enjoy water.
i graduated.
there are good liars and there are bad liars. there are no real original liars.
there was a 65-year-old woman in duluth, minnesota last year that was found frozen and without a pulse in her front yard one morning in the winter, and they brought her back to life.
now, it's not just that this guy fed a huge amount of people in the world. it's that this is the net effect in terms of what technology does, if you understand biology.
so we have to use this one carefully.
and i knew how mr. webster defined it as the accumulation of material possessions or the attainment of a position of power or prestige, or something of that sort -- worthy accomplishments perhaps, but in my opinion not necessarily indicative of success.
but too utilitarian? i mean is that the way you think of fashion?
and you can go inside the heart itself and repair the valves from the inside.
gail couldn't come.
and detroit will make money on every unit.
and then he turned to me, not stupidly, and he said, what was your childhood like?
and so many of the talks here at ted are about meaning, about bringing meaning to our lives in all kinds of different ways, through technology, through art, through science, so much so that i think we focus so much on that side of our lives, that we haven't given enough attention to the food and the water and the shelter, and what we need to raise the kids.
there's this one trial he ran many years after world war ii.
you don't want to stop in the middle like coleridge's kubla kahn.
by saying all that, it means your work is good somehow.
when you hear the word forger, you often understand mercenary.
and i first begin with a pie chart -- and i promise this is the only pie chart in the whole presentation -- but it sets up the state of our knowledge of the cosmos.
and i'm just counting toasters here.
the continents move apart. they come back together.
why do i feel like a fake?
yes, i said that with a q, quadrillion.
and it's not an easy movement because, to have this kind of movement, you need to move different regions of the root and to synchronize these different regions without having a brain.
but we were dealing with a particular scientific issue back then.
why was it that, when i had an operation, my doctor said to me, beware, ms. hertz, of hyperpyrexia, when he could have just as easily said, watch out for a high fever.
it's a means to an end, not an end in itself, and automation allows us to have that machinery.
well, we got the answer on the 28th february '53.
but i've got no evidence for that.
so we call it a relational universe.
we need a radically different approach.
so it'll show you gdp per capita, population, longevity, that's about it.
so, how do you top rowing across the atlantic?
we have to remix it. he's got a great voice.
i mean, it goes on in our private lives, too, every single day.
this one generates no imagery at all.
i spent the last few years trying to answer that question, traveling around, meeting families, talking to scholars, experts ranging from elite peace negotiators to warren buffett's bankers to the green berets.
this is a little stone ball, floating.
you think, i put mine in the blue bin, and then you look at your colleague and say, why, you cretin.
like this pattern of pulses here actually means baby's face, and so when the brain gets this pattern of pulses, it knows that what was out there was a baby's face, and if it got a different pattern it would know that what was out there was, say, a dog, or another pattern would be a house.
school -- and remember, i made it through one year, so i think i'm qualified to talk on school -- is a game, it's just not a terribly well-designed game, right.
extractive taking raw materials from the earth.
ca so, what was the impact of that?
and the reason for this is because of networks.
it is the same in the 21st century. that's why i am going to decide to give this machine only for poor women across india.
so i'm using my own writings as a kind of testing ground for a book that has an interdependency between word and image as a kind of seductive force.
but he made this statement.
so what actually happened?
in fact, sulfur-reducing bacteria, as part of their synthesis, they will emit, as a byproduct, nanoparticles into the water.
i'm going to do this opposite on the left here.
your life will have new meaning.
how do you know?
so following the agile model, we ask three questions what worked well in our family this week, what didn't work well, and what will we agree to work on in the week ahead?
and so she came up with creating these pocket-sized artworks that are portraits of the person that would carry them.
phone yeah, well so when was the last time you used the photocopier?
and then, of course, nasa also had a big announcement, and president clinton gave a press conference, about this amazing discovery of life in a martian meteorite.
and so we had this situation come up -- last summer actually, at agnor-hurt school in albemarle county -- and one of our military commanders got up to read that letter and one of the other kids said, mr. hunter, let's ask -- there's a parent over there.
you've got this beautiful paradigm.
you might be causing some very dangerous outcomes in your children, doing such a thing.
and only without conscious listening can these things happen -- a world where we don't listen to each other at all, is a very scary place indeed.
so we have a diamond drill.
and my laptop runs slower, less reliably and less pleasantly than it ever has before.
your model of the world is what shapes you long term.
and just like the signals that we send and receive here on earth, we can convert these transmissions into sound using simple analog techniques.
there are clouds, right.
now, what brunel said that he wanted to achieve for his passengers was the experience of floating across the countryside.
we need to check that the temperature has cooled to below 30 degrees c.
and i started having ischemia to the heart.
they never passed on any of the wealth.
featured,macarthur grant,alternative energy,death,design,engineering,global issues,haiti,industrial design,invention
to me, the pace of political changes is too slow, too gradual.
the nurse was there.
and i live down there, so we spent a lot of time looking at the need.
we are now not just reading genomes; we are writing them.
it's changing our lives in so many ways, and it will continue to do that.
rita calwell very famously traced a very interesting story of cholera into human communities, brought there, not by a normal human vector, but by a marine vector, this copepod.
and you see this post.
i was a teenager, and at 15 or 16, i guess like all teenagers, we want to just do what we love and what we believe in.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmallikasarabhai.html
ca when we were talking on the phone, one of the things you said that really astonished me was you said one thing you were passionate about was server farms. tell me about that.
and think of things in your life that are binary, one of them is light switches.
now, while i was at microsoft, the annual revenues of that company grew larger than the gdp of the republic of ghana.
i could do that again if you want it.
but the difference is, on earth, most of the carbon has been leeched over time out of the atmosphere, deposited in the ground as coal, oil, natural gas, etc. on venus, most of it is in the atmosphere. the difference is that our temperature is 59 degrees on average. on venus, it's 855. this is relevant to our current strategy of taking as much carbon out of the ground as quickly as possible, and putting it into the atmosphere.
and a lot of my friends train really neat animals, grizzly bears -- if you've ever seen a grizzly bear on the telly or in film, then it's a friend of mine who's trained it -- killer whales. i love it because it wires you up.
i want to talk to you a little bit about why the visions of jeremy rivkins, who would like to ban these sorts of technologies, or of the bill joys who would like to relinquish them, are actually -- to follow those paths would be such a tragedy for us.
this is another case where a theoretical paradigm in biology really worked -- was the germ theory of disease.
and we're coming over a cliff, and at the top of that cliff, dinosaurs had basically taken over.
so there is no global coordinate system.
what's unusual about this one, maybe, is that it's from 1953.
you can be compassionate occasionally, more moved by empathy than by compassion.
ok, now, that sounds like something you get on a chinese fortune cookie, right?
apply them to very big dreams.
it starts with a small group of googlers taking the initiative to do something.
even though it is the case that poverty is linked to aids, in the sense that africa is poor and they have a lot of aids, it's not necessarily the case that improving poverty -- at least in the short run, that improving exports and improving development -- it's not necessarily the case that that's going to lead to a decline in hiv prevalence.
so the next question, of course, is is there any effect on age-related disease?
culture,global issues,journalism,politics,technology
and if there's one place you really want to get high, it's when you're in jail.
nuclear energy comes for a simple reason.
55,000, and that's an incredible deal.
so we had very strong leadership, very good vision and a lot of science, a lot of lawyers involved.
i heard from nathan myhrvold -- and i think here's the action point -- it'll take an act of congress to make the nuclear regulatory commission start moving quickly on these small reactors, which we need very much, here and in the world.
now any physiological variable you can think of, any life history event you can think of, if you plot it this way, looks like this.
the first sculptural model i made for that thing in tokyo.
by the way, 80 percent of all refugees and displaced people in the world are women and girls.
the third element of the nuclear terror threat is that, who would actually do such a thing?
and so over time, this becomes a stress response, which has enormous effects on the body.
i grew up in the paris suburbs and i was the youngest of three children.
1288
and i thought really what we need is an elders program to just sit at the feet of amazing people and hear them talk.
he told me that those false papers were the most media-relevant and the least useful he'd had to make in all his life.
build our science, civilized and advanced idea of marriage and giving birth.
the other thing that's happened, which was good for us, is the internet.
and they learn it about as well as the leading language learning software.
that's not something you do. you can't get funded for that.
so, sarah and i -- my wife -- walked over to the public library, which is four blocks away, on pacific street, and we got the oed, and we looked in there, and there are 14 definitions of hope, none of which really hits you between the eyes as being the appropriate one.
and this is the good news from africa that we have to shout from the rooftops.
but what i am doing is calling into question those people who say that more treatment is all the prevention we need.
and this is basically the result we had before.
so we're sort of all imperfect. and the question is well, if we're around here, you know, these little losses or gains might not be too bad.
bj so tom gave us a call and said, do you think you could make us a horse for a show to happen at the national theatre?
so what i've told you today is that people come, actually, especially well equipped to think about other people's thoughts.
they're made by the gazillions in china and india, and we can source them anywhere in the world, build the chair anywhere, and most importantly repair it, even out in a village with a local bicycle mechanic who has local tools, knowledge and parts available.
httpwww.ted.comtalksericsandersonpicturesnewyorkbeforethecity.html
and the teachers would write, saying, we've used your videos to flip the classroom.
it's not nice to give them employment in our factories, our companies.
and this sort of data explosion available from these is really almost becoming a challenge.
kosovo. this is kosovo in '99. we did an open design competition, like i said. it led to a whole variety of ideas, and this wasn't about emergency shelter, but transitional shelter that would last five to 10 years, that would be placed next to the land the resident lived in, and that they would rebuild their own home.
1357
we've moved towards large-scale and very high control.
these are ongoing experiments.
it requires that everyone treat choice as a private and self-defining act.
calvin washington was convicted of capital murder.
so the fishermen are catching more.
before we go into these faces, i should explain why i have some right to talk about them.
now how did we do this? how did we go from being hunter-gatherers 10,000 years ago to building these gigantic cities in just a few thousand years?
and these people, a handful of people, have been working for 20 years, looking for particles that may or may not exist.
you can join the one campaign, and leaders like mo ibrahim, the telecom entrepreneur.
the monkey recognized that whatever she did with her arm, this prosthetic arm would do.
then why is it that they seem to have something different?
that technology is simulating humans.
we had this small ngo, transparency international.
we swoop down over the campo de' fiori.
here's a more topical example of exactly the same thing.
and yes, sometimes i'm swayed by money.
we haven't heard about why the buildings failed.
and it contains 18 free parameters, ok, which we have to fit to the data.
i was a noticeable nobody.
there is so much diversity around the globe.
so if a novel can be put into six words and a whole memoir can be put into six words, you don't need more than six words for a tedtalk.
so if you look at questions like this, life satisfaction, you see life satisfaction going up with each rung of income.
now that can drop to eight; it can drop to seven; but it's not going to drop to two, or to one and a half, unless we do some pretty clever things.
there's no randomness involved at all, but it's not entirely predictable.
i have to kill a frenchman when i come back at home?
these are leaders who, in addition to being highly capable, possess two important qualities, and they are humility and ambition.
children,economics,education,food,global issues,green
you know, it's not enough to complain. we need to act.
but there is also a very serious aspect to anonymous -- they are ideologically driven.
they have songs, poems, novels, sculptures, paintings, myths, legends.
he draws sheep after sheep.
ok, at first women were a little shy, a little reluctant to talk.
bruno giussani niall, i am just curious about your take on the other region of the world that's booming, which is latin america.
but the real secret i think lies more in the way that they organize their society.
and the same pattern emerged in each conflict.
because you know what the last word was, what the last sentence was of that meeting.
road design makes a difference, particularly intersections, of which there are two types signalized and unsignalized, which means stop signs.
td lakshmi has worked incredibly hard, even in inviting me, let alone everything else that she has done to make this happen, and i was somewhat resistant at times, and i was also very nervous throughout this week.
and we conducted the first nepal survey ever done for health, and the first nationwide blindness survey ever done, and we had astonishing results.
how could that be?
right? good.
over the last 30 years, in terms of the gdp growth rates, china has grown at twice the rate of india.
and i do argue that women lead the back-line discussion, but there are also men who are excluded from that discussion.
be aware of these people who are coming to you in order to ruin your great civilization.
here's the larger point.
treo creator jeff hawkins urges us to take a new look at the brain -- to see it not as a fast processor, but as a memory system that stores and plays back experiences to help us predict, intelligently, what will happen next.
now, you have all been at a mall during the holidays, yes?
and if there's any revolution, they cut off the water.
i was at a wall.
there is a simple input, it's always a cube that i start with, and it's a very simple operation -- it's making a fold, and doing this over and over again.
well actually, i hope for a while longer yet.
and we try to guess what they're doing from their behavior on the surface.
but we don't appreciate what an astonishing thing that has been.
but evolutionarily, two million years is nothing.
clicking on that logo takes you to an absolute no-nonsense, human-readable document, a deed, that tells you exactly what you can do with this content.
in most cases, though, there was no glass.
we are not going to get to where 50 percent of the population -- in my generation, there will not be 50 percent of women at the top of any industry.
it causes one to be created out here.
and take action to make it happen, unless we begin to believe that all of the things that we've been hearing about in these last two days are elements of what come together to make human security.
natural systems are all self-organizing galaxies, molecules, cells, organisms, societies -- except for the debate about an intelligent designer.
vodka, gin -- yes. yes. you know your mice well.
edward hopper was a real master in creating the narration by working with light and dark.
i have a corresponding milestone to robust human rejuvenation.
this part's not going to be on the test.
there's the dodd-frank act, there's the new consumer financial protection agency that is temporarily being headed through the backdoor by elizabeth warren.
it's available for everyone to do, and actually i'm going to show you how easy it is to do by doing one right now.
nt we are at the dawn of a new age, the age of electricity.
but the pace of exponential growth is really what describes information technologies.
the warm is the gulf stream, the cold up there in the gulf of maine.
the bus was done with a cargo-scanning x-ray machine, which is used on the borders between countries, looking for contraband and illegal immigrants.
educational initiatives like dil and the citizen foundation that are building schools across the country.
interestingly enough, we used to primarily build 3-d models -- you know, you've seen some today -- and 3-d renderings.
i mean, even the creationists give us 6,000, but hollywood goes to the chase.
sometimes, stories as short as two or three words.
adventure,entertainment,global issues,oceans
moreover, this whole, entire region, the south polar region, has elevated temperatures. it's the hottest place on the planet, on the body.
remember prickly pear.
development,economics,future,global issues,technology,third world
and so most of these students, english is not spoken in the home.
it's kind of an interesting logic, i think, that people use. and the other logic, they say, well, the government wouldn't have told us to use them if they weren't much better.
in india, they've got another couple bookmobiles running around.
the large majority of our children belong, as i already mentioned, to the most vulnerable strata of the venezuelan population.
and that's not the only place it's found.
and the ants that are waiting just inside the nest entrance to decide whether to go out on their next trip, are contacting the ants coming in.
walk the dog. have sex again.
it's too slow to get a picture of conditions on the ground before they change, too expensive to implement in all the places that require testing.
or, we sell services to help somebody do x. you know, whatever.
he had accidentally been the first person to tune in to them.
and just as important, we owe it to ourselves.
this is not -- no, no, no, this is not claps.
so here's another asteroid.
and for all three of these, i believe, biomimicry has a lot of the solutions that we're going to need.
such a child will have memory and cognitive deficits in this domain.
and this idea, again, came from the grassroots, from two googlers who wrote their own job descriptions and volunteered themselves for the job.
this little unit here -- remember your little 12-volt plug in the car, that charges your, whatever, game boy, telephone?
is a perversion of this where people who may be very good looking regard themselves as hideously ugly and are constantly seeking surgery to correct their facial appearance.
the most important thing to understand here is that there's a different kind of charge associated with each of these forces.
but just two weeks before that, the u.s. senate refused to even debate the banning of bpa in babies' bottles and sippy cups.
it's got no reflective symmetry.
alright, my favorite part.
we need to look carefully at our zero tolerance policies.
apparently it can.
and here's how that happens. let's start with a non-intelligent brain.
don't be hassan. don't be hussein.
but here's a face from 20th century science that might surprise you in a discussion about compassion.
powered by the symbology of a myth and the passion of my training, i brought laser-sharp focus into my dance, laser-sharp focus to such an extent that i danced a few weeks after surgery.
as i was tempted to eat the rotten flesh of my comrade, he gave me comfort.
we needed to reduce the population growth rate.
sj no one in the audience?
and this was from an editor at random house children's books.
a friend told me, shortly after that, that she had heard that tim russert, a nationally renowned journalist, had been talking about me on national t.v.
and then, what i'm saying is, is that the eternal prediction is the output in the neocortex.
all ideas on board were welcome.
i want to turn everything we know right now about detecting viruses and the spectrum of viruses that are out there into, let's say, a small chip.
with onboard gps, it can navigate autonomously, and it is rugged enough to self-land without damage.
these are mine, i was born an argentinean.
and i think some of you may have visited -- these farmers are helped by kickstart and technoserve, who help them become more self-sufficient.
ninety percent of modern war casualties are civilians.
those are the times that they should be contributing to africa's development. but they're not there.
i would pose to you that tomorrow -- and when tomorrow is we could debate, but it's within the foreseeable future -- we will talk about regenerative rehabilitation.
but we don't have a good motivation for putting it in there at this point, ok.
you know, it's crazy. it's crazy what we're doing.
now the reason the chimpanzees don't do that is that they lack what psychologists and anthropologists call social learning.
surely, we should be giving the money to entrepreneurs, to civil society, for people able to create the new, not to the big, well-connected companies, big, clunky government programs.
i've come across some other just, kind of, curious relationships of bollards on the street that have different interpretations, but -- these things amuse me.
now he's getting nervous, so he's going to go catch it.
so i didn't think he was going to throw bart off.
constructed each plank of gold.
it's about being here in the moment, accepting one another and allowing creativity to flow.
and he had to close his eyes, it's so disgusting, and the smell and everything.
i can't verify that fully, but it does not matter.
hardly anything contained more than one ingredient, because it was an ingredient.
meanwhile, back in babylon, things had not been going well.
i remember when i was little my mom asked me, would you like to play the violin or the piano?
we're staring at everybody, waiting our turn to speak, and he leans over to me, and he says, jody, i'm a buddhist monk.
one hundred thirty-four commissions and semi-autonomous government bodies, all of which have directors and the cars. and the final thing, this is addressed to mr. bono. in his work, he may help us on this.
one final thought before i get to the toilet bit, is -- is, i have a -- and i meant to scan this and i've forgotten -- but i have a -- i have a school report. i was 13 years old, and it's framed above my desk at home. it says, ben lacks sufficient impetus to achieve anything worthwhile.
there's now ample evidence that hardy rodenstock is a con man, and that the jefferson bottles were fakes.
and huck gets on the raft with a property named jim, a slave, see.
and there were actually two of these.
in fact, if you're not in nigeria, you're not in africa.
i measured it, 1.33.
how does television evolve over time, and what does this say about our society?
david bismark demos a new system for voting that contains a simple, verifiable way to prevent fraud and miscounting -- while keeping each person's vote secret.
when that happens, it is a trend which is set to overwhelm our policing capacity in the west.
and they had a look at what was in the soup, and they found amino acids, but nothing came out, there was no cell.
i always tell the students that we could also call neuroscientists some sort of astronomer, because we are dealing with a system that is only comparable in terms of number of cells to the number of galaxies that we have in the universe.
and so we marvel at silk worms -- the silk worm you see here spinning its fiber.
and that's especially because this world population is increasing, and it's increasing, not only in numbers, but we're also getting wealthier, and anyone that gets wealthier starts to eat more and also starts to eat more meat.
obviously the best way to divulge a secret is to tell someone to not say anything about it.
and i appreciate you guys listening to this story. thanks very much.
422
an important key insight that we learned about meetings is that people pack them in one after another, disruptive to the day.
a mysterious persistent noise was disrupting their research.
so in surgery, it's important to know what to cut out.
now, i'm also really big on photography.
who's going after chinese, which now has 400 million internet users out there?
they laughed everywhere over the world i showed this.
i finally got to taste it before i left.
you won't be able to withstand them.
or there may be another way of doing it, which is to think about the problem in terms of what -- if you associate with moral philosophers -- is called the teapot problem.
or have these developing countries got smaller families and they live here?
we need international legislation from copenhagen and so on.
until then, until then i'm going to keep banging on about trial and error and why we should abandon the god complex.
so how are we going to figure out what this circuit does?
so the global economy is becoming a place where women are more successful than men, believe it or not, and these economic changes are starting to rapidly affect our culture -- what our romantic comedies look like, what our marriages look like, what our dating lives look like, and our new set of superheroes.
and like, there was big arguments about it in the -- you know, the gin houses and in the coffee shops and stuff.
they're not ending up in silicon valley, where they belong.
you become a figure of fun. there's no trust anymore, only ridicule.
and it's really like the kid playing the airplane.
and you know why they have a design?
i just thought that was amazing. i mean, she spoke in a way -- with amazing english, and amazing humor, and amazing laughter -- that made her seem like somebody i could have bumped into on the streets of new york, or in vermont, where i'm from.
and this can be enhanced and augmented with some emerging digital technology.
we can now reprogram your skin cells to actually act like a pluripotent embryonic stem cell and to utilize those potentially to treat multiple organs in that same patient -- making your own personalized stem cell lines.
and over the course of dinner, i learned that kiribati gains most of its revenue -- it's a very poor country -- but it gains what revenue is has by selling access to foreign nations to take fish out of its waters, because kiribati does not have the capacity to take the fish itself.
but you've got to realize that this world has changed fundamentally, and the problems that we have cannot be solved by one nation and one nation alone.
he knows that the arm is not there, but, nevertheless, it's a compelling sensory experience for the patient.
in 1968, in my own university -- i wasn't there at the time -- but in 1968, they were exploring the structure of the proton.
probably because if you live on a farm, you might not have a lot of neighbors, period.
let the science temper your knowledge a little bit.
let me try to convince you of that in a few seconds.
and so i committed -- when i left south africa, when i left capetown, i told myself, this is going to be something that i have to talk about.
so today's reality is that if we get sick, the message is we will treat your symptoms, and you need to adjust to a new way of life.
i'm a blogger, which, probably to a lot of you, means different things.
and in my game, that means you overgesticulate.
we know chimps are faster and stronger.
so the question is, how can you carry a pilot around the world with an airplane that uses the same amount of energy as a big christmas tree?
i was troubled that the retrieval of organs from executed prisoners was at least as morally controversial as the harvesting of stem cells from human embryos.
would you rather be c or d?
i know it's obvious, but i have to end with the most powerful symbol of change, gandhiji.
one problem that psychology has had is instead of looking at this intersubjectivity -- or the importance of the social brain to humans who come into the world helpless and need each other tremendously -- is that they focus instead on the self and self-esteem, and not self-other.
and he was reading it in their library in the far east.
culture,design,development,disability,engineering,innovation,invention,physics,poverty,science
we're developing these tools, but we share them freely with hundreds of groups all over the world, so people can study and try to treat different disorders.
it is that specific.
more recently, this happened.
well if we can embed biological and chemical networks like a search engine, so if you have a cell that's ill that you need to cure or bacteria that you want to kill, if you have this embedded in your device at the same time, and you do the chemistry, you may be able to make drugs in a new way.
i just came off a nearly month-long speaking tour on three different continents, and i won't go into that, but it was an amazing thing.
i watched her realize that, by putting the things that she knows to be true into the work she's doing, she can create poems that only charlotte can write -- about eyeballs and elevators and dora the explorer.
in may 2007, estonia was the victim of cyberattacks, that damaged its communication and banking systems.
and then i started thinking, well, of course, we can't just get rid of captchas, because the security of the web sort of depends on them.
and the rabbi said, you've misunderstood me.
because it has to end.
this is new and fast, just so you -- are you still with us?
so here are some of my favorite montages that have been collected i feel so much of my dad alive in me that there isn't even room for me.
it turned out that giving the planes to the museum was worth much more than the debt, so for five years, six years, i only had to pay one third income tax.
ab thank you very much.
writers are entitled to their political opinions, and there are good political novels out there, but the language of fiction is not the language of daily politics.
and the people can hold their heads up high.
they wanted band integration, that is, the machine acting upon the band members, specifically not the other way around.
this is the u.n.'s population data, you may have seen, for the world.
this is just the grassroots stuff again, ok?
damon horowitz teaches philosophy through the prison university project, bringing college-level classes to inmates of san quentin state prison. in this powerful short talk, he tells the story of an encounter with right and wrong that quickly gets personal.
because out of the urban devastation in port-au-prince came a torrent of sms texts -- people crying for help, beseeching us for assistance, sharing data, offering support, looking for their loved ones.
it was anarchy.
we're looking for people that said, yes, race was a factor; moreover it was an important factor, in my decision, and people who voted for john mccain as a result of that factor, maybe in combination with other factors, and maybe alone.
and we've done almost nothing to study what that is and to draw it in and to replicate it, to raise the average capability -- or to encourage the people with it to stay in the system.
pm so after three-quarters of an hour, he recognizes you.
one learning process that i see is this -- ok. another learning process that i see is this -- ok. so, everybody take a deep breath in, breath out. ok.
paul maccready flies on solar wings
because of what i'm about to say, i really should establish my green credentials.
sticking wires into the brain is obviously rather crude.
i'm like, looked at that. been there.
now i'm not talking about a radical drop in population like we saw in the black death.
so, what am i doing in the future?
there is no equivalent of the al-qaeda, without the terrorism, for democracy across muslim-majority societies.
there's a more complicated process going on here.
and very, very simple.
it is not about documentation and contract.
they begin with a question.
make of that what you will.
and supermarkets, i find this is very shocking, it's very, very attractive to walk along a supermarket.
and the second is a design issue, and it's not directly relevant, but it's a nice statement.
even though this one is kind of unusual, i want you to think about your own journey.
and it's become my own motto for my girls.
it's not just a question of cleanliness; it's also a question of how those organisms then turn into human disease.
so when the moist breeze blows in off the sea, you get these droplets of water forming on the beetle's shell.
so they believed that knowledge came from authorities that actually knew very little.
she says i have old eyes.
there are still some blue whales.
well, the brain, as you know, is made up of neurons.
and yet notwithstanding, they go out and they meet it.
this remarkable image is not a map of the world.
but still they are producing a lot of scientific data.
for it is given in certain ufo-ology or ufology circles, that the aliens are already here and have been for millennia; that they have walked among us in disguise, observing us, guiding our evolution from ape to man -- if you believe in that sort of thing -- and, occasionally, kidnapping us in their flying saucers and taking us away to have sex with us in pyramids.
it is the only germanic language that requires this.
and 1947 was a legendary vintage, especially in the right bank of bordeaux.
accepting his 2008 ted prize, physicist neil turok speaks out for talented young africans starved of opportunity by unlocking and nurturing the continent's creative potential, we can create a change in africa's future.
i later discovered i was also hard of hearing, possibly congenitally, in the upper registers.
how do you have safer sex, how do you use a condom regularly if there hasn't been disclosure?
so the data is now alive; this is a living image, and i can update it in a second.
and so what do the monkeys do?
that's like taking two empire state buildings and stacking them on top of one another.
my guess is that some great simplifications of what i'm doing may actually have considerable resonance with what's been done in string theory, but that's a complicated math thing that i don't yet know how it's going to work out.
it's going to either be win-win or lose-lose for them.
you become a christian, muslim, jew.
he's got some seizure disorder. and you don't understand this.
in fact, it goes against natural survival.
and it's very much an in-the-moment activity that they're engaged in.
jessica green we're covered in germs. let's design for that.
now i'm going to leave you with a self portrait.
only then we set up the infrastructure and management and the monetary.
and if we are neighbors, i could just walk over to his house.
a recent study at penn state university found that when you smile, you don't only appear to be more likable and courteous, but you actually appear to be more competent.
he says, we need more boots on the ground in afghanistan.
and, i mean -- this kind of stuff, you know, all this stuff came from that separation of this little sort of thing that we do -- now i, when i was a boy was born sort of with this idea that if you want to know something -- you know, maybe it's because my old man was gone a lot, and my mother didn't really know much science, but i thought if you want to know something about stuff, you do it -- you make an experiment, you know.
we need to kind of get down and do the gritty work of reducing our dependence upon this fuel and these molecules.
now, let me be clear about what i'm not saying. i'm not saying that science is guaranteed to map this space, or that we will have scientific answers to every conceivable moral question.
but i don't want to take responsibility of your emotional baggage.
now, all people share the same raw, adaptive imperatives.
so i should actually correct something i said a moment ago.
but in the entire rest of government right now and for the last at least 30 years, there has been a culture of deregulation that is caused directly by the people who we need to be protected from, buying the government out from under us.
if someone brings a lawsuit over, a kid fell off the seesaw, it doesn't matter what happens in the lawsuit, all the seesaws will disappear.
we need to act like the future depends on it.
and many of these different genes, we've shown, actually contribute to the long lifespan of the daf-2 mutant.
it literally flat-lined.
sometimes it's also because of the sonogram.
here we are at ted, and all the time we are very conscious of the huge challenges that human society has right now -- curing cancer, understanding the brain for alzheimer's, understanding the economy to make it a little bit more stable, understanding how the world works.
and so the suggestion is, well hey, if we're going to send robots out and allow them to do this, maybe it would be a good idea, again, with these things if they were armed with non-lethal weapons so that if the robot makes a bad decision and shoots the wrong person, again, they haven't actually killed them.
that's on the champs-elysees.
you know, but there's obviously a notion that if you let the inmates of this thing out, that they would snatch a motorist off the street and eat his liver.
voice ...very good, kismet.
very, very few people actually have long stretches of uninterrupted time at an office.
and here is our 14-year record of sales and profits.
and it reveals to us, suddenly, the crux of the matter.
you know, if i can make a difference, i hope to be able to make a difference.
is there an equivalent process by which there's a sort of bridge between what you're talking about and what you would say to them?
and so i urge you all to wake up and to tune in and to influence the genomic revolution that's happening all around you.
so in a traditional model, most of the teacher's time is spent doing lectures and grading and whatnot.
so now my wish is i wish for you to stand up for what you care about by participating in a global art project, and together we'll turn the world inside out.
please welcome claron mcfadden.
if ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny, then children are somewhat closer to our roots as primates in the arboreal forest.
the regulations for vehicles on the road weren't written with an airplane in mind.
now all you men out there, this is not the moment where you tune out or throw some tomatoes, because the point is that this is happening to all of us.
so if i wanted to call my friend peter sprague on the phone, my secretary would get his head out and bring it and set it on the desk, and that would be the tv used for the occasion.
when you start going up the supply chain, you find where the real food waste is happening on a gargantuan scale.
rsw ... people wanted a michael graves building.
we can actually click anything in universe and have it become the center of the universe, and everything else will enter its orbit.
we're changing the characteristics of the surface of the land, the reflectivity.
friday street, in a previous life, is where you went to buy your fish on a friday.
on a population of nine billion our average carbon emission will have to be about two tons per year.
well, if i haven't convinced you that you're a maker, i hope i could convince you that our next generation should be makers, that kids are particularly interested in this, in this ability to control the physical world and be able to use things like micro-controllers and build robots.
and so if we look at recent crashes -- the whole data set is almost 30 years' worth of data -- you won't see it in the recent crashes. the new car seats are far, far better.
now you have billions of this machine right now working away inside you, copying your dna with exquisite fidelity.
that means no two people's milos can be the same.
you may recognize a couple of the miners there.
and they kept on using the existing cure that they had on the two-year-olds and up.
and so it seemed to us that they are just too small to have an impact on the environment if they simply act as individuals.
and believe me, it's going to be scary.
he's about five-foot three and a half on a good day, standing fully upright in cowboy boots.
we make them every day -- last night in my hotel room, when i decided to double-lock the door, or you in your car when you drove here, when we go eat lunch and decide the food's not poison and we'll eat it.
we can abstract them and to create something that is new.
for the past five years, i've been taking my wife and kids to southwestern montana, where i worked as a teenager on the hay harvest. and montana, at first sight, seems like the most pristine environment in the united states.
i walked underneath it for the first time.
anyone want to hazard a guess?
rb i should have.
collaboration,culture,data,health care,science,technology
but then, i just thought that this human vision wasn't good enough.
to start thinking about saying, let's do not the things where we can do very little at a very high cost, not the things that we don't know how to do, but let's do the great things where we can do an enormous amount of good, at very low cost, right now.
we can't risk alienating them by testing seatbelts relative to car seats.
this is robbie, and this was his first day of voting, and he wanted to share that with everybody and do that.
how many fathers in the room? raise your hands.
and some of them, like paleontological shvisle, they contain snoop dogg.
but even though the black hole is dark from the outside, it's not dark on the inside, because all of the light from the galaxy can fall in behind us.
and in fact, the remedy for wounded and mutilated urbanism is good urbanism, good buildings.
ca that's a high gross margin business. i like it.
here's the dna sequence, here's the protein sequence in order to do it.
they control 90 percent of the commercially produced seeds in our country.
and i said, why would you do it this way?
it takes what we know, and it twists it.
andrew, can you put that chart up?
and you feel a love toward them and you want them to be happy, even the enemy.
compare that to the secondhand smoke debate -- probably about 20 years behind.
he says to me, willard -- you can see him saying, why me?
this is how i remember what i need as a chemist.
my kids saw the movie, and afterwards they came to me and they said, so, dad, so -- so -- that character -- that's jill, right?
i mean, a bird needs space to fly.
so, here's what happens very soon after the onset of sight.
there's a potential problem that maybe this kind of shipping noise would prevent whales from being able to hear each other.
technically the riaa can come and persecute you.
ss she can't really stand on these legs. she has to be moving, so ...
they feel that the institution is elitist.
crows, on the other hand, show up, and they try and figure it out.
the years -- and until i stopped looking at the polls, you were sort of regarded as this great hero in the u.k. and elsewhere.
he said, about two dozen of these 1,600 kids have come back bilateral.
that's more than a sixth of humanity living a certain way.
yochai benkler explains how collaborative projects like wikipedia and linux represent the next stage of human organization.
it's coming, but we're not there yet.
and someone that comes along and says, look here's a ball.
the war against terror is bound up in the war against poverty.
and somebody donated tennis shoes for me.
and people are, in fact, imprisoned within their own bodies, but they do have a mind.
there's a rumble in my stomach.
so can we get you to do useful work for those 10 seconds?
color closely correlates with the ratings that talks get on the website.
don't use big words.
the next artist is k. m. yoon, a really interesting south korean artist.
so this spider goes through the whole alphabet with identical adjectives and substantives.
i would say it's a work of genius.
we say to ourselves, maybe we can make fish sticks with it or something.
but this is the equivalent of three libraries of congress -- burnt down, forever lost -- each year.
we also believe this cancer might be very old.
dan ariely on our buggy moral code
it's an incredibly massive operation, i think 15,000 workers, five cupolas, and the sixth one's coming in here.
she murmurs a prayer and she goes ahead with the operation.
now we're moving up into what we call the mixing chamber.
we realized that even rich kids from the suburbs really want drybath.
you tell a teacher that, and they'll ask you, in all seriousness, should we send this child to the psychologist?
yeah, but you know what? you stuff that down your shorts, when you go into a football game you can get booze in for free, everybody bought them.
so, thanks very much.
it's the increased order.
and now, i'll count to three. i mean, it still looks very orderly to me.
so i'm going to show you another film.
so the spread of good and valuable things is required to sustain and nourish social networks.
so like the equivalent, the titan equivalent, of tar, or oil, or what -- we didn't know what.
that's the good news.
i don't have time to get into all this, but if you want to understand how a brain works, you have to understand how the first part of the mammalian neocortex works, how it is we store patterns and make predictions.
god, bokh, whatever name you want to call him with, allah, ram, om, whatever the name might be through which you name or access the presence of divinity, it is the locus of absolute being, absolute love and mercy and compassion, and absolute knowledge and wisdom, what hindus call satchidananda.
you have stop signals -- we have up to eight stop signals.
they tend to be web thinkers.
there's walmart. doesn't look very sigmoidal.
and then, the very last question i would ask them -- i would always have to work myself up to this question, because i am not a psychologist.
it's quite free of commercial clutter you don't see our logos and brands and names, and therefore you're alert to things physically.
he said, that way we could fulfill our affirmative action goals for the heinz company.
this unit that i played goes from about 200 hertz to above the range of hearing.
you might wonder what exactly is the advantage to being in a swarm, so you can think of several.
i'm going to use you again, in a moment.
and so i'll just go get them.
they can come into your account or a sub account or whatever.
as you might have guessed, i'm a tissue engineer, and this is a video of some of the beating heart that i've engineered in the lab.
you can see it doesn't make sense to make an average of this zero improvement and this very fast improvement.
here's a great example from history. i've heard this attributed to several other kings, but doing a bit of historical research, it seems to be fredrick the great.
and then we learned why you don't want to send books to india.
africa,anthropology,apes,evolution,human origins,humanity,paleontology,science
an intransitive verb, such as dine, for example, can't take a direct object.
and our lander is safely tucked inside what we call an aero-shuttle.
no, they wasted their money on this. what about this thing? -- it really is quite phenomenal.
maybe a sobering thought and something you all know about.
so this is where we enter the picture.
and this sense of being transported is one reason that we have glamour styling.
you will say, okay, this is nice -- a slide created in 10 minutes.
at the 2008 eg conference, famed puzzle designer scott kim takes us inside the puzzle-maker's frame of mind. sampling his career's work, he introduces a few of the most popular types, and shares the fascinations that inspired some of his best.
to go back to the legal context, at the sally clark trial all of the lawyers just accepted what the expert said.
using sleight-of-hand techniques and charming storytelling, illusionist marco tempest brings a jaunty stick figure to life onstage at tedglobal.
they were actually modeled on hotrod motorcycles of the 1960s, which i'm sure my mom didn't know.
this is carnegie hall.
so matt keenan, just any time you're -- all right -- ready to let her go. but first, we're going to make sure that it's appearing on the screen, so you see what it sees.
so, we designed a system here of eight curves that could be swapped, very similar to that housing project i showed you, and we could recombine those together, so that we always had ergonomic shapes that always had the same volume and could always be produced in the same way.
a whole gamut of these technologies are being put together.
this one obviously was made out of half a starbucks cup with a stamp and my home address written on the other side.
and there's almost no other machine that we've ever made that runs the number of hours, the number of days.
and by the way, mistrust was always very important for democracy.
and the short run -- say, the first five to seven years -- is just great.
think about it. you don't want those ugly cords coming down.
first, of course you know, a leader needs the guts to stand out and be ridiculed.
if you go into a restaurant and you have bad customer service, show them what bad customer service looks like.
this sediment is 100 percent made up of the shells of microscopic plants.
the same people that imagined themselves eating the bananas ended up eating chocolates a week later.
but it's a story until we convert it to data and so what we do, this concept we had, was to take steven's status, what is my status?
but the truth is life is being lived there.
and if i took that journey, no matter whether it failed or succeeded, it would be completely irrelevant.
this is what's going on in the games industry right now.
and that's what we're going through at this time.
the universe is not only expanding.
good bye.
i'm going to work on this one. and i'm going to do this one.
it is the perfect sound for our ears and our brain.
but if we look within our societies, there are extraordinary social gradients in health running right across society.
i told tim, if you could just see the microbes, it's kind of like being in costa rica. kind of.
we care what happens in apocalypse now.
and through this work, i hope to better understand the evolutionary vulnerabilities of our bodies, so that we can improve and better manage our health in the future.
i mean, for as much good that kind of comes out of this environment, there is plenty of bad.
a year and a half -- she's out speaking on behalf of the other women in her country.
they should have heard of it, but it's a little tricky to explain in technical detail, so i won't do it. i'll just mention it.
my responsibility is to get you home rich.
so they had created these artifacts.
this is a bronze ball, an aluminum arm here, and then this wooden disk.
this is the posterior part, where his muscles are going to be moving, and he's going to be pacing himself.
we can give glucose a sensor for diabetes to prevent it.
perhaps we even think that maybe supernova explosions trigger formations of planets and stars.
i tried to find one that didn't have a whole lot of words.
habibi, it's so hot. just come here for a second. say hello.
if it does represent language, then how do we read the symbols?
traumatized people also easily lose control -- symptoms are hyper-arousal and memory flashbacks -- so people are in a constant fear that those horrible feelings of that traumatic event might come back unexpectedly, suddenly, and they cannot control it.
it's better than a new monitor. it's better than new software, or whatever people typically use.
so look at the average here -- this is the average for all of sub-saharan africa.
what this picture suggests to us is that we've got a radical change in the way information production and exchange is capitalized. not that it's become less capital intensive -- that there's less money that's required -- but that the ownership of this capital, the way the capitalization happens, is radically distributed. each of us, in these advanced economies, has one of these, or something rather like it -- a computer.
a few of the strategies we observed they eat off of smaller plates, so they tend to eat fewer calories at every sitting.
and i said, so, you believe the native americans are descended from a people who were totally evil? and they said, yes.
the statue is the reference, and it connects the identity of leonardo to those three faces.
as a clergyman, you can imagine how out of place i feel.
you never run out of that companion as you drink this wine, too.
and it was really a turning point in my life, where i started to realize that i couldn't just go have fun doing science and exploration.
it was a kind of unintended positive feedback loop between the way the people walked and the way the bridge began to move, that engineers knew nothing about.
it's got my compost in it, which is growing an orange tree, which is great.
this boy here in the middle of central india -- this is in a rajasthan village, where the children recorded their own music and then played it back to each other and in the process, they've enjoyed themselves thoroughly.
so, first of all, my own stories. these are two of my sketchbooks.
let me wrap with two key messages.
he was upset by the low quality and high cost of existing patent reproductions, and so he started to develop a system of dry photocopying, which he patented in the late 1930s -- and which became the first dry photocopier that was commercially practical in 1960.
i really was moved.
and i know some of you are apple aficionados.
and five years ago, robert was diagnosed with gbm.
you know what was india's biggest asset in afghanistan in the last seven years?
so we have to have the ability to talk all the levels, to go to where they are.
and, sure enough, they dissolve into your blood, and into your tissues as well.
by the way, africa is very large.
now, i want to connect this back, though, to the tsunami, because one of the great things about the tsunami -- in terms of the blogosphere's coverage, not in terms of the tsunami itself -- is that it really did represent a genuine bottom-up phenomenon.
but cancers don't start out like this.
i'm talking specifically about the fact that sleep and work are phased-based, or stage-based, events.
873
and we're getting this mass-manufactured.
and i said, so what were you doing?
1304
indirectly, we have saved the government of jamaica five million dollars from people that would have gone to miami or atlanta for care.
and of course, christians back in the united states, or anybody, says, ah, this is some little, tiny church in the middle of nowhere.
not something we usually think about in the era of medicine, but hard disks used to be 3,400 dollars for 10 megabytes -- exponentially cheaper.
we're going to give this away i think, chris said, after the talk.
these people have a tremendous potential to tan, to develop more pigment in their skin, as a result of exposure to sun.
it can crumble so easily, but don't be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it.
he did that, and the internet explorer changed page.
so it's a very simple condition.
and there were two types of laws that were particularly challenging.
but again, then we have to talk about well-being in a larger context.
the first thing we did was we took a little bicycle mirror and we band-aided it here, onto a gurney, a hospital trolley, so that when you were wheeled around by a nurse or by a doctor, you could actually have a conversation with them.
this is at a time when the city of bristol, which is quite close to here, was surrounded by commercial market gardens, which provided a significant amount of the food that was consumed in the town, and created a lot of employment for people, as well.
the lens was here. the piece of paper was there. he moved it up and down.
and we've got to mentor them, hire them.
even though i left when i was only three years old, i really felt that africa was this big part of my life.
rob forbes, the founder of design within reach, shows a gallery of snapshots that inform his way of seeing the world. charming juxtapositions, found art, urban patterns -- this slideshow will open your eyes to the world around you.
the next thing that really was a big, big deal was the washing machine.
do the same thing at work.
two of the most sensitive buildings include a lifetime of collection about the cultural revolution, a period that actually most chinese would prefer to forget.
she said, but it's not fair, because there is only one life, and there should only be one death.
isn't it the mind that translates the outer condition into happiness and suffering?
they'd released a bunch of people, but they still had about 700 people hostage.
and then we introduce them to somebody who they come to hate immediately, the drill sergeant.
right, that's what he seems like.
i still had migraine headaches.
you know, if you think about something like google, which essentially is relying on the collective intelligence of the web to seek out those sites that have the most valuable information -- we know that google does an exceptionally good job of doing that, and it does that because, collectively, this disorganized thing we call the world wide web actually has a remarkable order, or a remarkable intelligence in it.
we're very uncomfortable with untidiness.
or who we really want to be, or should be?
there's a relationship between the old and the new; the new emerges from the context of the old.
the heat was on.
and if you imagine a kid pretending to be king kong, or a race car driver, or a fireman, they don't all become race car drivers or firemen, you know.
and they're going to be wirelessly telemetered again to your mobile devices so you can go places and be monitored remotely.
the fact that they have stuck here with this kind of performance has been, well, you know, you win the war in 12 minutes; why do you need something better?
now they measured one other variable.
the impossible crate illusion.
because it took negotiation for almost every one of these photographs -- to get into that place to make those photographs, and if it wasn't for those people letting me in at the heads of those corporations, i would have never made this body of work.
it's little discrete -- that's spelled d-i-s-c-r-e-t-e -- bits.
we didn't grasp what was going on.
this intersection had been bland and anonymous.
whereas with saving three percent, people might have to add nice sneakers so they can walk, because they won't be able to afford anything else, when they save 14 percent they might be able to maybe have nice dress shoes to walk to the car to drive.
and it opened a couple of weeks ago, and there's 600 kids that are now using the schools.
we're very sensitive to that as humans.
the last two, the first equation says that electric charges and currents give rise to all the electric and magnetic fields.
yes? raise your hand if you got that. yes?
so when i found a cheap camera on the subway, i started documenting those adventures with my friends and gave them back as photocopies -- really small photos just that size.
it's a kind of an aria, i would say, and in many tapes that i have.
so it's kind of different from what we're used to thinking about silk.
so this really, really fascinated me.
yet it doesn't say that; it doesn't need to say that.
our public education, once a model for the world, has become most noteworthy for its failures.
so it's really a play between these two approaches.
when the bp oil spill happened, i was working at mit, and i was in charge of developing an oil spill-cleaning technology.
they're fully functional, field-tested, ready to roll out.
but now they learn these guys are going to give them less than they expect.
so what sustains desire, and why is it so difficult?
we argue about it every time we use it.
imagine yourself, if you can, you're a young woman in africa, you're going to the hospital or clinic.
robert thurman expanding your circle of compassion
everything that is done to treat burn -- basically we do a sodding approach.
57
he gave lectures to caltech graduate students that became the feynman lectures on gravitation.
it's the simple idea that instead of grading people incrementally in little bits and pieces, you give them one profile character avatar which is constantly progressing in tiny, tiny, tiny little increments which they feel are their own.
and now, i guarantee you certainly half of this room, if not more, has a device sitting in their pocket right now that is talking to one of these satellites in outer space.
now, similarly, the old story about oil is that if we wanted to save very much of it, it would be expensive, or we would have done it already, because markets are essentially perfect.
so she was again in mathare, with no income, no skill set, no money.
every child recapitulates this ascension, straddling one or both legs, sitting sideways, or leaning against the body.
jeff bezos kindly remarked to me, chris, ted is a really great conference.
well, it turns out that when people are living without any sort of artificial light at all, they sleep twice every night.
but it's the exact opposite in health care.
what would they tell us?
that's another artist book project.
he's like, do you know where morocco even is?
he said, oh, yeah. i told the psychiatrist that i wanted to watch women as they died because it would make me feel more normal.
basically, what happens is that we put this out in a field, or someplace where there's lots of crows, and we put coins and peanuts all around the base of the machine.
and they asked me how was it, and i say to them, it was good, and i zip my pants up in front of them, and i head for the door.
but obviously, there wasn't a lot i could do about it.
what we need is information.
when we started, over 20 years ago, 1,000 children were being paralyzed every single day by this virus.
oh, half a million women in rwanda get raped in 100 days.
we have to shift from this mainframe mentality of healthcare to a personal model of healthcare.
but, in many ways, we're still at the very beginning with wolfram alpha.
republicans really dislike the democrats. we're changing.
i want to give you a couple of examples. this is mimi from one of our studies -- in her 90s, had to move out of her home because her family was worried about falls.
now why would we know what beethoven's skull looks like?
he blew himself up, killing six.
it's called the extractive industries transparency initiative.
we have real specific instructions here not to talk about politics.
so in almost every country in the world where we have this data, people who give money to charity are happier people that people who don't give money to charity.
robert moog was a generous, kind person, extraordinarily competent engineer.
u.s. officials, just a couple of weeks ago, froze a swiss bank account belonging to mr. jain, and that bank account had 14.9 million u.s. dollars on it.
and then you have to store them at about minus 20 degrees c -- that's about minus four fahrenheit, i think -- with a very critically low moisture content.
because maintaining a pregnancy is dependent on hormones.
one mango, two mangoes, three mangoes, 10,000 mangoes, 100,000 mangoes -- it's still more mangoes you can eat before they rot.
and more and more, less and less awareness of the pain of the other.
what's funny about being down to four houses?
at times, they are complimented by negotiated settlements, or at least cease-fire agreements, and peacekeepers are deployed.
looking at 30 billion per year, we look at our two largest suppliers, saudi arabia and now canada, with its dirty oil.
and yet, when you look at the base of a redwood tree, you're not seeing the organism.
so it's pretty sad to find that chimpanzees, like so many other creatures around the world, are losing their habitats.
so a german magazine compared german wikipedia, which is really much, much smaller than english, to microsoft encarta and to brockhaus multimedia, and we won across the board.
they actually spend a lot of time a year in the communities.
so, we need to be aware of what kind of signals we're sending out.
but if questions affect human well-being then they do have answers, whether or not we can find them.
and i look at the logo -- okay, good.
but the bird, instead of flying away, goes flop, flop, flop and lands on my head.
speak up also with coaching staff.
how should we view the bible?
and that's the power of storytelling.
and she comes back to me and she stops, and she says, finally, they made something for us.
it's like one plus one is equal to two.
so imagine a monkey sitting at a keyboard.
anyway, as you'll see in a moment, susana was able to turn on the flight motor of what's the equivalent of the spinal cord of these flies and get some of the headless bodies to actually take off and fly away.
now, then, this was a horrible misunderstanding of tv on the part of the programmers.
imagine what the iphone 8 will be able to do.
and we hope that when we act on global problems in the future we will not only have the heart, we will not only have the money, but we will also use the brain.
the remote collaborator was an experimenter from our group who used one of three different technologies to interact with the participants.
and they still have a child survival of only 70 to 80 percent, meaning that if you have six children born, there will be at least four who survive to the next generation.
i'm the one who doesn't want to be interrupted.
when i assign values to the vertical and horizontal elements, i can use the changes of those data points over time to create the form.
and there are other possibilities like naturalist, but that also has problems of confusion, because darwin would have thought naturalist -- naturalist means, of course, as opposed to supernaturalist -- and it is used sometimes -- darwin would have been confused by the other sense of naturalist, which he was, of course, and i suppose there might be others who would confuse it with nudism.
nasa has devoted money to this.
and he boasted about all the great masterpieces that he himself had painted that were attributed to other artists.
and so we studied the idea at harvard.
so now the teachers know exactly what the students have been up to, how long they have been spending every day, what videos have they been watching, when did they pause the videos, what did they stop watching, what exercises are they using, what have they been focused on?
spread the word.
and as you get all the way up close, you realize that it's actually made of lots and lots of plastic cups.
it isn't just there that this happens, but in a natural diet of some communities in the canadian arctic and in the united states and in the european arctic, a natural diet of seals and whales leads to an accumulation of pcbs that have gathered up from all parts of the world and ended up in these women.
that's why every morning, now, because you are a good mutant, you will raise your angle of view.
don't whine. don't complain. don't make excuses.
in short, they are acquiring the status that they had a million years ago, 10,000 years ago, 100,000 years ago.
and can i tell you, operating in the sighted world when you can't see, it's kind of difficult -- it really is.
let's figure out what this is.
and we started calling up everybody.
you're not powering the propeller, you're powering the wheels.
adrian thought that he was going to have to split the chest of the puppet in two and make it breathe like that -- because that's how a horse would breathe, with an expanded chest.
the army started firing their guns. people were scrambling.
so, why is it, that if we think that we all agree that we need a better world, we need a more just world, why is it that we are not using the one language that has consistently showed us that we can break down barriers, that we can reach people?
same child mortality as bangladesh had, 1990, though they had lower income.
there was something about the comfort of the filter and how much information was between us and the experience.
so that's great, but again, cheap shot, right?
conditions were significantly colder, but they were also less intense with respect to the ultraviolet regime.
in malaysia, there is going to be an art exhibition in which leading artists are going to be taking people, young people, and showing them that compassion also lies at the root of all art.
we can make food more important, not less, and save ourselves by doing so.
and the exd is an external device that you can have on your night table.
and it's actually as much as your laptop computer it's just 10 watts.
tm he's really modest, too.
but total movie revenues across theaters, home video and pay-per-view are up.
the next step in the process is that the computer needs to be able to decipher all of the words in this image.
i mean, that's -- that's definitely genetic modification.
she's 23. she's been on them ever since she was 13.
so i've had incredibly many women role models that have influenced who i am and where i am today.
so when it only had 16, it was only about as big as this college campus.
were they in fact just playing a lot more notes when they were improvising?
and i want to do this in my lifetime, in every city and in every town.
and he said, a belief in themselves.
so these are some of my sample logs.
rb no, i mean, i think i learned early on that if you can run one company, you can really run any companies.
so this is a clip from charlie chaplin's modern times.
before the light bulb was invented, people had figured out how to put a reflector behind it, focus it a little bit; put lenses in front of it, focus it a little bit better.
and the fact that this culture has yielded these numbers suggests strongly they have something to teach us.
and we're a very young technology in an old galaxy, and we don't yet know whether it's possible for technologies to persist.
in short, what all of us do.
it's become an art form, a form of sculpture.
i began operating my business with 1-2-3, began writing add-ins for 1-2-3, wrote a natural language interface to 1-2-3.
and i feel very privileged to have stumbled across it living in the maldives.
but the man had somehow a lot of room at the bottom.
but if there is an abnormal activity in the fusiform gyrus, they may hallucinate faces, and this is exactly what you find in some of these people.
and everybody stepped back a little and said, you know, we ought to invest in this shit, because whoever has got the most of these people working in the places is going to have a dominant position, at least in the military, and probably in all kind of economic ways.
we were also playing with sms at the time at odeo, so we kind of put two and two together, and in early 2006 we launched twitter as a side project at odeo.
but most of the people in the world in slavery live in those places where the costs are lowest.
but 280 is the peak.
jeff han shows off a cheap, scalable multi-touch and pressure-sensitive computer screen interface that may spell the end of point-and-click.
there's no feeling about germs.
if we want to achieve this, what, in the world, would have to change?
and it's a much better way to see.
it's done by geologists, engineers, biologists, all sorts of different people -- modeling and simulation.
now they're saying the sea ice in the arctic, the summertime extent is going to be gone in the next four to 10 years.
so, what is it then?
and there were crickets and birds and frogs making noise, and as we sat there, over the mountains coming in from the north were these steven spielbergian clouds rolling toward us, and as the clouds got about halfway over the valley, so help me god, every single animal in that place stopped making noise at the same time.
letters thanking us, but sometimes you also get funny letters like this one now i understand why there is braille on a drive-up atm machine.
there's a water jet that cleans you.
we also need much more competence of civil society leaders.
the 99 references the 99 attributes of allah in the koran, things like generosity and mercy and foresight and wisdom and dozens of others that no two people in the world would disagree about.
and at that time we did this extraordinary v-day at madison square garden where we sold out the entire testosterone-filled dome, 18,000 people standing up to say yes to vaginas, which was really a pretty incredible transformation.
and possibly eukaryotic cells, those that we have, are possible within a decade.
he said, talk to her about religion and philosophy.
i was sure of it.
so we got to thinking, if you can't put things safely in a building, where can you safely put them? we thought, ok, underground.
and pablos, if he stirs up our mosquitoes a little bit we can see them flying around.
the retailers have kind of quashed this notion though.
not fighting the organization that's fighting it -- fighting with them, leading them, connecting them, challenging the status quo because it's important to him.
but, little did i know, until i jumped for the first time in a marine reserve.
but i guess that's okay. right?
that brings all the nutrients when this is cold in the galapagos, it's rich, and there's plenty of food for everyone.
and i bet you one of you, if not more, has used said device and said satellite system to locate a nearby coffeehouse somewhere in the last -- in the last day or last week, right?
great. excellent. that should get us going. all right.
there is even some from the u.s.
so they can express everything from admiration and lust to anxiety and angst.
look at this young bean that is moving to catch the light every time.
it may not be the biggest bamboo building in the world, but many people believe that it's the most beautiful.
i'm canadian, and i'm the youngest of seven kids.
and for the most part, they're not real life-threatening.
as long as these devices are there, or there is suspicion of landmines, you can't really enter into the land.
so what we are doing right now with computers with the energy consumed by 1,200 houses, the brain is doing with the energy consumed by your laptop.
the whole business of the global warming -- trash, really, is that -- if the -- if there's too much co2 in the atmosphere, the heat that's trying to escape won't be able to get out. but the heat coming from the sun, which is mostly down in the -- it's like 350 nanometers, which is where it's centered -- that goes right through co2.
and lately, to be involved in projects where i know about 50 percent of the project technique-wise and the other 50 percent would be new.
and this is what i discovered in boston -- that frustration was very stimulating.
so, one of these examples would of course be the historic city of venice.
and this was one of those cases that went on and on.
a new liberal arts that can support this action-oriented curriculum has begun to emerge.
now we all need to focus on the many, many ways technology can lead us back to our real lives, our own bodies, our own communities, our own politics, our own planet.
we think the one that got the dinosaurs was about five miles wide.
we're all one family.
where you live it impacts your health as much as diet and genes do, but it's not part of your medical records. at tedmed, bill davenhall shows how overlooked government geo-data can mesh with mobile gps apps to keep doctors in the loop. call it geo-medicine.
and it's too cerebral to animate guts and hearts and behavior when the going gets rough.
so eventually what went on is they decided that, well i need to learn to speak.
and that's why i suggest a slightly different approach of what you would call it.
they said the ceo could have asked them to present to the whole company about their journey over the last two years and what they decided to do.
and he took me up to the temples in nikko.
i don't think it's that bad of a deal.
we think it's saltwater, and that would mean that there's more water on that moon of jupiter than there is in all the oceans of the earth combined.
now is there any alternative to this?
and i said, yeah, it happens by itself. how did you know that?
this paint can right here saved the dutch boy paint company, making them a fortune. it costs 35 percent more than regular paint because dutch boy made a can that people talk about, because it's remarkable.
this is well beyond organic agriculture, which is still a cartesian system, more or less.
while all the brothers were busy just being hyper-connected 247, maybe a sister would have noticed the iceberg, because she would have woken up from a seven-and-a-half- or eight-hour sleep and have been able to see the big picture.
that's my daughter, jean.
unicum in hungary, for example.
come in a little bit closer.
in 2007 i went to liberia, where a group of my friends and i did an independent, self-funded film, still in progress, on a very legendary and brutal war-lord named general butt naked.
and i don't mean to understate how important it is to restore basic function.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjamesnachtweyfightsxdrtb.html
but what i could do is just leave it where it is, pick it up, and put it down again.
hmmm ...
it's always the same three things, so let's explore that.
it would be very nice for me if it happened soon.
and when i started my blog it was really this one goal -- i said, i am not going to be famous to the world, but i could be famous to people on the internet.
the sound system was kind of decent.
this is a very dangerous job, being in a gang -- you don't like to be surprised.
in fact, they are starting to behave like the device that neurons use to compute, which is called an ion channel.
she had come seeking serious investment dollars so that she could build the factory and buy the equipment she needs to export her chocolates to africa, europe, the middle east and far beyond -- capital that would help her to employ more than the 20 people that she already has working for her, and capital that would fuel her own country's economic climb.
i mean, it's extremely difficult to find these look-alikes, so i'm constantly going up to people in the street and trying to ask people to come and be in one of my photographs or films.
this was a woman who read coffee grounds to see the future and melted lead into mysterious shapes to fend off the evil eye.
but then we told them, we said, look, this origami really belongs to us.
so the first stage in training is to teach the dog esl, english as a second language.
they spent the 1990s working the messy scene between globalized parts of the world what i call the core and the gap.
so that's just the eye of the bee with a microscope, and now all of a sudden you can see that the bee has thousands of individual eyes called ommatidia, and they actually have sensory hairs in their eyes so they know when they're right up close to something, because they can't see in stereo.
they ended up sleeping for hours.
i have to tell you about my childhood.
it took me a while to understand it, but when i discovered around 24 years of age that i was much more comfortable with objects than with people, i finally decided to really embrace this passion.
but my skin color wasn't right.
you put yours in the white bin.
it was made of glass, and this building really helped me to do my job good.
we've got to limit other mandatory spending.
anybody else out there? come on in.
within 40 years, physicists discovered the whole explanation, expressed, as usual, in elegant symbols.
influence and status.
of course, he'd get really bored.
and in the words of malcolm gladwell, crack cocaine was the extra-chunky version of tomato sauce for the inner city.
here's the best part none of what i'm telling you is my opinion.
in cleveland, there's burnham mall, on the left.
we shot him with four hd cameras so we'd get multiple views of him and then david would choose the take of brad being benjamin that he thought best matched the footage with the rest of the cast.
they're dynamic.
but on the other hand, it was the scientific gold of the project, because we could really crank this baby up, as a scientific tool, and see if we could, in fact, find where those seven tons of oxygen had gone.
br thanks, guys.
and for me personally, i started thinking about this after a student came to visit me.
children,design,entertainment,parenting,photography,rocket science,short talk,space,technology
we saw geysers coming out.
the truth of social entropy.
or have they got longer lives and live up there?
so we've got that incredible ramp-up.
i want to know what is wrong.
there's all kinds of reasons that you fall in love with one person rather than another.
so something i think is very fascinating is what if you could give life to non-living structures, like batteries and like solar cells?
sometimes you see them, they look, oh.
so it would seem the hardest, solidest, densest rock is really almost entirely empty space, broken only by tiny particles so widely spaced they shouldn't count.
we've talked about stem cells tonight.
and also telling it like now.
and when i have conversations with people, i remember having a conversation, for example, in iraq, with a community that asked me whether the riot we were seeing in front of us, this was a huge mob ransacking a provincial council building, was a sign of the new democracy.
but more interestingly, the thermodynamics of this say, you're never going to get more than 20 percent efficiency.
they're storing it, they're processing it.
so you set up these connections such that the input pattern just flows and generates the output pattern.
so, if we make no changes today, what does tomorrow look like?
basically, we follow a low-frequency behavior -- one the dog doesn't want to do -- by a high-frequency behavior, commonly known as a behavior problem, or a dog hobby -- something the dog does like to do.
china held a huge advantage in terms of human capital vis-a-vis india.
it started in japan. sumitomo had developed a technology essentially to impregnate a polyethylene-based fiber with organic insecticide, so you could create a bed net, a malaria bed net, that would last five years and not need to be re-dipped.
we count numbers.
you have your google search where you say, hey, what is mena trott?
as a way to encourage my friends to do spoken word with me.
you can give the competing drug in too low a dose, so that people aren't properly treated.
there are evildoers and saints, criminals and victims.
everything else is mandated.
the first six tracks here -- artificial intelligence, advanced computing technologies, biotechnology, nanotechnology -- are the different core areas of information technology.
here are just some of the pipeline projections and possibilities and scenarios and routes that are being mapped out for the next several decades.
so what she's questioning here, she's taking a chance and questioning what justice is in society.
boy oh, it's because this needs to be like this, and this needs to be like this.
and i think that that is very troubling, and in a sense, i've been reflecting on turning that part of us off.
so all of those colored lines correspond to bunches of axons, the fibers that join cell bodies to synapses.
this picture was just taken by brian skerry a few months ago when we returned to the phoenix islands and discovered that, because it is a protected area and has healthy fish populations that keep the algae grazed down and keep the rest of the reef healthy, the coral is booming, is just booming back.
i realized that the reason they're not there is that until we have a critical mass of informed citizens in our own societies, politicians will get away with gestures.
it turns out that competition and winning is a universal human value.
all right, see? you guys should try it out.
steven pinker on the myth of violence
most people, a majority of people, say sad.
so one day she said, openly, i'm not going to support this research.
this is the story of my brother.
and i would like to say that, on the other side of it, 30, 40 years from now, the children that i have, i can look at them and say, we did everything we possibly, humanly could do, to begin to mitigate this, what i feel is one of the most important and critical moments in our time. thank you.
you also need graphics, right?
and you can see this indian psoriasis breakthrough obtained by this reverse form of unclear by doing things differently.
rumi has another story about three men, a turk, an arab and -- and i forget the third person, but for my sake, it could be a malay.
this stuff is toxic as hell, by the way.
and back in 1880, it would have been 15 minutes to earn that amount of light on the average wage.
and the baobabs in particular are a great example of this.
and words and enthusiasm actually happen to be the recipe for lexicography. isn't that great?
and we're going to show you, instead of the kill laser, which will be a very brief, instantaneous pulse, we're going to have a green laser pointer that's going to stay on the mosquito for, actually, quite a long period of time; otherwise, you can't see it very well.
but this next decade -- and that's a real thing.
but based on the actual -- you know, being able to talk to them, and to see their records, this is what it looks like in terms of the wages.
this is the reality of diabetes.
but i said i'm going to show you a short clip of one of our employees to kind of give you an idea about some of the talent that we have.
it actually is a japanese beetle.
wait, poor spinal capacity.
we want to get people to be more energy efficient.
and yet, what we actually see is light that can't be explained by the starlight.
architecture,collaboration,design,global issues,technology
so, one thing i found early on, when i started doing computer games, is that i could create puzzles that will alter your perception.
all the ones in bold are eight to 10 years old.
and there's no particular reason why we have to start with this seed shape; we can use any seed shape we like.
bill gates put it very well when he was traveling through saudi arabia.
and the second reason is because, whereas in europe and north america, the state's power is continuously challenged -- i mean in the european tradition, historically against the church, against other sectors of the aristocracy, against merchants and so on -- for 1,000 years, the power of the chinese state has not been challenged.
and i thought this was so much better than making trucks.
environmental consideration was served with every plate, but it was served with a heaping mound of consideration for human interests at the same time.
in that moment, our scholarship can tell you that this is a bacchanal, but if we're doing our job right, and you've checked the jargon at the front door, trust your instinct.
now that is a game changer, because it shifts production away from the developing world and into the western world.
but this gives a new paradigm to guide humanity, to put the light on our, so far overpowered industrial vehicle, which operates as if we're only on a dark, straight highway.
there is no more drastic and sudden gap created between potential and actual mind than a severe head injury.
and they said, we don't know, but it's just rituals that give us meaning.
and with current reactor technology we really don't have very much uranium.
with graphics, computing power, low latencies, these types of applications and possibilities are going to stream rich data into your lives.
these are the spikes showing that procrastination is global phenomenon.
no, otherwise the play would be over, stupid.
it's what they believed about america that got them to travel in a bus for eight hours to stand in the sun in washington in the middle of august.
and he said, here, this is the initial investment, but if needs continue, make sure that you provide them.
director 2 can you not shut up?
204
that's what she tells them.
the traits the word childish addresses are seen so often in adults that we should abolish this age-discriminatory word when it comes to criticizing behavior associated with irresponsibility and irrational thinking.
well, i'm a biologist. i'm an ornithologist.
and if you're wearing clothing, you've taken off your clothing, you're going to get showered down some place and remove the radiation that would be -- the radioactive material that might be on you.
the full videos are online if you are interested.
you can change the rhythm, if you get out of the lights.
and you know what, i think it's right that tony is out.
and if each of us who cares about the different things we care about got up off our butts and volunteered as much time as we could, we would change this world, we would save this world.
they can actually put this in their natural ecosystem without any processing, and it's going to improve the local soil.
it's something they feel impelled to do because they care about it.
that is having real impact in a country like ethiopia, and it's why you see their child mortality numbers coming down 25 percent from 2000 to 2008.
my name is joseph, a member of parliament in kenya.
well there was no grin and bearing this.
so i basically have tried to incorporate crunchiness into a lot of my recipes -- throw in some sunflower seeds.
that means we can do it again.
so i scraped the slime off and i sent it off to aberdeen.
and people oohed and ahhed, because cliff tabin had been able to grow an extra wing on a chicken.
scripture, he says, teaches nothing but charity, and we must not leave an interpretation of scripture until we have found a compassionate interpretation of it.
then i said, all this is good, but i want to paint like a real painter.
of course, you've just heard and you already know that we're running out of antibiotics.
and what we need to do now is look at the whole pacific ocean in its entirety and make a network of mpas across the pacific so that we have our world's largest ocean protected and self-sustaining over time.
it is convenient to carry, assemble, and launch by hand.
so i doused him in cologne every day, which he thought was very nice, and therefore he brought bread and butter every day, which i had to eat out of courtesy.
thank you very much.
so first of all, we've got to ground this campaign in core polling data.
or should i leave the piece intact as it is right now?
and brennan runs back to his seat. everybody runs back to their seat.
so it's very valuable to have that tool in our armamentarium.
it was the congolese women who are now rising up.
so i looked in the book for the most difficult move, and it was this.
lynn craig where there tends to be water, at least on earth, there tends to be life, and so it's potentially a place where life could have existed on the planet in the past.
young-ha kim be an artist, right now
and theres tremendous scope for additional private help here, because the government has dropped the ball on much of this, im afraid.
so why should we have a good brain theory?
they seem fantastic to me. they cost very little to develop.
and my inspirations are very eclectic.
whereas with islam as a majority religion and christianity, you see countries all the way.
they also refused. finally, i decide, use sanitary pad myself.
and to argue, then, that the chance of a second death is as if you didn't know that information is really silly.
and therefore, there was a indeed a prisoner's dilemma, which made it very difficult for an individual company, an individual exporting country to say, we are not going to continue this deadly, disastrous habit of large companies to bribe.
i don't speak english.
t perfect s perfect
and i'm happy to say only one other person in that area got polio.
and it was all very peculiar, and my headache was just getting worse. so i get off the machine, and i'm walking across my living room floor, and i realize that everything inside of my body has slowed way down. and every step is very rigid and very deliberate. there's no fluidity to my pace, and there's this constriction in my area of perceptions, so i'm just focused on internal systems.
this is emblematic of it -- this is wing dining, recalling those balmy summer days somewhere over france in the 20s, dining on the wing of a plane. you can't see it very well here, but that's hemingway reading some pages from his new novel to fitzgerald and ford madox ford until the slipstream blows him away.
now think about religions, think about organized religions.
if i take 30 steps linearly -- one, two, three, four, five -- i get to 30.
and the daughter doesn't want to say anything.
he served -- -- with the marines, and i want to tell you a little, brief story.
which is like yellow, this one.
691
i was not a great student.
i want you to take a trip with me.
and to think that in 30, 40 years they could become extinct.
i wanted to see what my home town of long beach was contributing to the problem, so on coastal clean-up day in 2005 i went to the long beach peninsula, at the east end of our long beach.
man let's go.
we are the only species on this planet that has ever held its own fate in its hands.
you may or may not have noticed that i'm wearing a tiny electrode on my forehead.
that's crazy, but that's, in fact, what happens with chronic pain.
the story that i told myself was that adventurers looked like this.
and our ability to imagine is what makes us explorers.
we do not create revolutions.
and one of the recurring themes, by the way, that in the work was a kind of hostility toward the museum itself, and asking about the conventions of the museum, like the wall, the white wall.
so i went up there, and i lived with these guys out in their whaling camp here, and photographed the entire experience, beginning with the taxi ride to newark airport in new york, and ending with the butchering of the second whale, seven and a half days later.
here's an example a company i'm engaged with has found a specific piece of the h spike of flu that sparks the immune system.
there are three ways. the main way is -- it's called dispositional.
sustainability represents the what, the where and the how of what is caught.
and this fiber turns a wire attached to an led.
but imagine the freedoms if you could take this further, that in fact you could consider a wagnerian entry, a first act in thrust, an intermission in greek, a second act in arena, and you leave through our lobby with dangly bits.
so this alone was a huge victory.
and then we went to another one -- it didn't have great visuals, but it had great information -- and spent an hour talking about the learning process, because it wasn't about whether or not it was perfect, or whether or not it was what i could create.
there's also a search capability, if you're interested in finding out about a certain population.
but china also has a great firewall.
so we went into it.
so, that's what i'd like to talk about and really, how do we get from where we are now to where we need to go?
we need to start doing things like lula, president of brazil.
a french historian said, two centuries later, seldom has so mighty an intellect submitted with such humility to the authority of jesus christ.
if i ask you to think of their narratives -- the west being at war with islam, the need to defend islam against the west -- these narratives, they come to your mind immediately.
and they're incredible guys.
christianity, of course, takes a massive lion's share of the population, with nearly 160 million.
this could be embarrassing.
and then we look over the body and we find an old cigarette lighter and we say, jesus, it was dark.
and i actually made up a little character whose name was mr. alligator, and i would call him up when things got really bad, and i would say it was time to come and pick me up.
i see a lot of children. they are walking up and down stairs.
these are the graduates of the first ecole de chabon, or charcoal institute. and these -- -- that's right. so i'm actually an instructor at mit as well as cit.
1020
i mean the world where women and children spend 40 billion hours a year fetching water.
nature has learned to compensate with that, and females have multiple clutches of eggs to overcome those odds.
so it's a fully functional up-and-running entity that negotiates the reverse fishing license with the country.
so he presses sonicate, and this is what happens.
but this illustrates the fact that dimensions can be of two sorts big and small. and the idea that maybe the big dimensions around us are the ones that we can easily see, but there might be additional dimensions curled up, sort of like the circular part of that cable, so small that they have so far remained invisible.
now, you'll still have about three billion pounds left in change, and people will ask for the trains to be slowed down.
it's my turn.
not only will it raise itself to 115 fahrenheit, 43 or 44 degrees centigrade, for two days, but it keeps constant temperature.
so, there it is -- architectural anti-desertification structures made from the desert itself.
what i'd like to start off with is an observation, which is that if i've learned anything over the last year, it's that the supreme irony of publishing a book about slowness is that you have to go around promoting it really fast.
it just seems like it's not sexy and elegant, it's hidden.
i finally got the pictures developed and i'd love to give them to you.
it's when people's fortunes are correlated.
imagine a rabbit in a field, eating grass, and the rabbit's going to see a fox.
now up until that moment, i would have thought that, by age 50, one of the life skills that i had really nailed was tying my shoes.
in that year, we are not available for any of our clients.
if you glance at your iphone, it's so simple to tell the time.
some students took their certificate and presented this to an educational institution at which they were enrolled for actual college credit.
you can't say, hey, i've got high integrity, invest in me right?
would he have had more possibilities in his life?
what this emphasizes is that we need to figure out how it will work.
mound up those four plates with vegetables and then open up the very best bottle of burgundy you have, light the candles and celebrate it.
bg okay, so we'll let you go and save it, and rescue it.
fatah party member we must empty our minds of traditional thinking.
so even in situations where outcomes are less than optimal, local leaders and international leaders have a choice, and they can make a difference for the better.
and she looked at me, and she said, but, aimee, that's not fair.
and i could be wrong, i don't know, but i wish you would come tomorrow.
this just didn't happen a couple of times.
but then we negotiate on what they're going to get paid.
and when your parent is a drug addict, it's kind of like charlie brown trying to kick the football, because as much as you want to love on that person, as much as you want to receive love from that person, every time you open your heart, you end up on your back.
and when i see all these hexagons and complex things, which i also have, in visual migraine, i wonder whether everyone sees things like this, and whether things like cave art or ornamental art may have been derived from them a bit.
i just thought, and i thought long and hard.
and actually in the period through which we've been working over the last 18 years -- partly because of the financial crisis and a little bit of humility in the profession of economics -- actually people are engaging in this issue in all sorts of countries around the world.
that crisis, which has been the focus of so much attention, including by me, i think is an epiphenomenon.
my doctors told me that my lung capacity had gone down to 70 percent, and it was killing me.
it's not being imposed by fiat from above.
and this is it -- just to give you and me a moment to catch up.
and his mouth must be probably about three microns.
the men sort of stagnate there, while the women zoom up in those high-skill jobs.
i just, can i just say a few things about, first about cherie, because she's a wonderful lady, my wife, with a wonderful smile.
and the same divination system is found all over africa.
and so let's fly back in time to that memorable moment.
this is a drug called reboxetine.
the middle level of processing is the behavioral level and that's actually where most of our stuff gets done.
and if you remember, it was a kind of green screen with cursors, and there was really not much to do, and if you wanted to connect it, you connected it from one computer to another computer.
and the hopeful response derives from recognizing that islam and democracy are technologies.
some of them are funnier.
story is powerful.
they go from a couple of inches to a couple of feet.
you don't even know.
ivan krastev can democracy exist without trust?
the fatigue factor is an important part of golf.
that -- you'd need 10 to 13 pounds of plutonium.
and i thought, if i had some partners that could help me with this, that would be great.
just two weeks ago i made -- you know, i've been making small, medium and big klein bottles for the trade.
and the other women sang and they prayed for me and my mother.
where will this observer see the galaxy?
not just the horses, but people had cows in their attics that they would use for milk, that they would hoist up there and keep them in the attic until literally their milk ran out and they died, and then they would drag them off to the bone boilers down the street.
and instead of that point and click, it's like a push and pull, things collide as you'd expect them. just like on my real desk, i can -- let me just grab these guys -- i can turn things into piles instead of just the folders that we have.
i spent more than a month in a glasgow coma scale three, and it is inside that deepest level of coma, on the rim between my life and my death, that i'm experiencing the full connection and full consciousness of inner space.
whereas living room water, it's better to do tar on the roof.
i said, chris, that would take a miracle.
because some cycle, there is a spot in the cycle, and you have not the same duty in the different parts of the cycle.
and georgetown -- that was great.
but it wasn't enough to use the priests.
and then they said, but wait a minute. you just looked through that manual and you found ...  and he said, oh, but that's not reading.
and most importantly, men attribute their success to themselves, and women attribute it to other external factors.
pascal explored in depth our human dilemmas of evil, suffering and death.
there's an 80-billion-dollar-a-year ecotourism revenue stream into africa.
now we've got a movement.
and one of the reasons is this is remarkable stuff.
before i tell you why it isn't, i'm going to go a little bit into what i'm calling step two.
it's their right to fight.
and this means that these things do exist in our universe, and we have to contend with this, we have to explain how you can get these objects in our physical world.
i then challenged the kids to identify someone in their own life, or in their own story, or in their own world, that they could identify that had done a similar thing.
and the more we learn, the more that was reinforced.
but eventually, we left l.a., and we moved to idaho, where there was actually a lot of peace and quiet.
phil plait how to defend earth from asteroids
and what i found was quite surprising.
a group of dedicated young men and women walk very slowly out across vast areas of africa, looking for small fragments of bone, fossil bone, that may be on the surface.
and so, when a coral colony is killed by an el nino event, it leaves this indelible record.
httpwww.ted.comtalkssaulgriffithoneverydayinventions.html
and it very slowly, over a few minutes, sort of painfully goes up, and then it gains momentum and it looks like it's almost about to fall.
you look at that lane on the right.
and i said, that's what this is; this is calcium carbonate.
we will all have high highs and big days and proud moments of smiles on graduation stages, father-daughter dances at weddings and healthy babies screeching in the delivery room, but between those high highs, we may also have some lumps and some bumps too.
take her to a dance school.
more people, and it's the combination of all the things we've talked about -- technology and its transformation effect on work, and demography and the huge explosion in population.
men run the world, and look at the mess we have.
the car is so big, the camera is so small, yet the manual for the camera is so much bigger than the car manual.
what happens if you don't have money, you don't speak english or don't have the kind of access to deal with these kinds of problems that inevitably occur?
this is what one of our cameras saw over the course of a few months.
i'm able to lose 40 percent of my weight without dying.
and i want to share with you how i came to that place and what i've learned since i left it.
zoe stop.
and it is all about this planet.
that's what's happening here.
they actually do conduct a few investigations overseas -- about a dozen a year -- maybe 20 in a good year.
have fun. thank you.
it's a language. but it is not a language that can be reduced to a series of programmatic notes that we can verbally write.
whether or not that's due to an individual's genetic background or their experiences, we don't know.
and knowing what we know about the destructive power of cigarettes, we continue to allow our children, our sons and daughters, to be in the presence of the influences that start them smoking.
in the iraq war, at the beginning of the first iraq war, the u.s. military, the air force, sent two squadrons of f-15e fighter eagles to the iraqi desert equipped with these five million dollar cameras that allowed them to see the entire desert floor.
and why is this a particularly dramatic challenge right now?
and third, it had to be what amitabha calls what i mean is with the profits from the first quarter acre, the farmers could buy a second and a third and a fourth.
here is some picture of antarctica and a picture of olympus mons, very similar features, glaciers.
and i would like to tell you about pj.
this is juan's book, our previous speaker, which gets a great rating, by the way, at amazon.
well we can begin to ask those questions also.
there's nothing that makes you feel more -- the blessing and the honor of working in a program like that than to know that something that horrible no longer exists.
this led lee kump, and others from penn state and my group, to propose what i call the kump hypothesis many of the mass extinctions were caused by lowering oxygen, by high co2. and the worst effect of global warming, it turns out hydrogen sulfide being produced out of the oceans.
historian and diplomat joseph nye gives us the 30,000-foot view of the shifts in power between china and the us, and the global implications as economic, political and soft power shifts and moves around the globe.
but it's all coming in through one incision.
the other picture is the popularity of the real need for change.
but they get a lot more information about what you do online, what you like, what interests you.
do we really understand that principle of tuning? the answer is, yes
now, after admonishing us for turning the temperature up too high, he would tell us that our question was completely stupid.
all right. ringer off. everyone wants in on the action.
that fixed behavior -- which is rigid and stereotyped and ends up with a meal -- changes.
and different sorts of things spread across different sorts of ties.
you can't. i don't even know if you can.
it's not that complicated buildings more than one story high, built out to the sidewalk edge, so that people who are, you know, all kinds of people can get into the building.
for those of you who aren't yet pilots, there's four main reasons why those of us who are don't fly as much as we'd like to the weather, primarily, cost, long door-to-door travel time and mobility at your destination.
and i wondered, what made my dreams so easy to dismiss?
so it challenged everything we knew in cancer, is that you don't need to get a response.
20 years ago, 30 years ago, only big professional astronomers with very big telescopes could see far into space.
what the frigoris you doing? names are important.
and it was primarily because kiribati realized that this was in their own self-interest to do this.
and so right afterwards, i met backstage with al, and with lawrence bender, who was there, and laurie david, and davis guggenheim, who was running documentaries for participant at the time.
what i want to basically talk about is my dream, which is to build a computer that works like the brain.
if money actually made you happy, then the wealthiest people in the world would be the happiest.
now how can we think about health behaviors to think about savings?
you could take a cardboard box delivering shoes, you could add water -- i developed this for the refugee community -- corns, beans and squash and onions.
or this lionfish for instance.
i like to think of it as a mesh of civilizations, in which the strands of different cultures are intertwined.
this is a very serious talk.
so with iranians, you can tell whose side the person is on based on the number of kisses they give you.
so to our blueprint, we stick on some sticky pads.
and here's one example that's really exciting.
green chemistry is chemistry in water.
sms is even used to hold herder summits from remote participation.
my mind works like google for images.
seth godin on the tribes we lead
and they are very happy with that, apparently.
they depend on their moms to drop worms in their little open mouths for as long as two years, which is a really long time in the life of a bird.
can you sing, please, the first note of don giovanni?
so we know how to do this in many of the ways that are up there.
and then i realized that becoming a psychopath spotter had turned me a little bit psychopathic.
i suspect that not everybody in the audience is a geneticist.
what did google come out with this year?
and we're working in an area called southern kayonza, which is one of the poorest areas in rwanda, with a group that originally includes about 400,000 people.
this is the magnitude of the reduction the entire global technosphere must realize by 2050 to avoid catastrophic climate disruption -- so the scientists are telling us.
that's an in-joke, by the way.
i call them nature band-aids because there's a general idea in america that the remedy for mutilated urbanism is nature.
africa,activism,global issues,media,politics,technology
he says the wind should get in trouble for switching the sandwiches.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjasonclayhowbigbrandscansavebiodiversity.html
bottom right depicts our universe, which on the horizon is not beyond that, but even that is just one bubble, as it were, in some vaster reality.
number one is, they have been living essentially unchanged for the past 400 years.
so wolfram alpha knows about lots and lots of kinds of things.
we went on the quiet to see for ourselves what was going on.
thank you very much.
they are absolutely disgusting and they're good for nothing.
this was eliminated because the view was too good, and the mayor said, no, we just want this open.
ordinarily, i would have no way of knowing how focused or relaxed i was in any tangible way.
jh now is this electromagnetic here, or are these static?
in the 1930s we got 100 units of energy back for every one that we put in to extract it.
a lot of teachers are using this stuff. ok, what about ripping?
and india was up to 89 years more of foreign domination.
temple grandin the world needs all kinds of minds
i don't know about you, but when i see aubrey de grey, i immediately go to gandalf the grey.
if i do it with both hands, you can see this fun mr. flying man.
so i wrote the algorithms in code, and he built the hardware -- paul lauterbur -- then went onto win the nobel prize for inventing the mri.
we showed a few months ago -- we published the first study showing you can actually stop or reverse the progression of prostate cancer by making changes in diet and lifestyle, and 70 percent regression in the tumor growth, or inhibition of the tumor growth, compared to only nine percent in the control group.
464
so why was this woman dying?
children can lead their projects.
you don't need a model.
and you can test these ideas.
will it happen again?
and i realized that if i scaled them up, they would provide me with good spatial qualities, for ventilation, for thermal comfort, and for other things.
and any moral work depends upon practical wisdom.
i work with a special method to do it, quick.
and rumi's stories are metaphors for the spiritual path.
and it seems this is another rock coming down there, you know.
it's empathy that makes us help other people.
and people in churches all over and mosques all over this continent after september the 11th, coming together locally to create networks of understanding.
it matters because the health care industry is the second most energy intensive industry in the united states.
and i sliced the little splinters of wood with a broken shard of glass, constructed this little apartment.
and perhaps in life, movements get better through learning.
well, i think all of you can guess that 12 years on, we're still nowhere near that goal.
but whats interesting about the guttenberg bible, and the dawn of this technology, is not the book.
but if you built the alaskan pipeline today, that's half of what the alaskan pipeline would cost.
now, talk of a divided place -- the country was cut in two.
and it's increasingly clear that we aren't going to be able to rely on the fact that we're going to have this at our disposal forever.
now david is my literary agent.
aside from the beautiful music, it's great just to know i'm part of a worldwide community of people i never met before, but who are connected anyway.
as have this guy's.
i thought, well that's not good enough.
in india, the definition of literacy, operating definition of literacy, is the ability, the grand ability, to write your own name in whatever language you happen to speak.
the other great principle of evolution is sexual selection, and it operates very differently.
or perhaps i need to make myself a speaking tool, like an icy megaphone that i can use to amplify my voice when i direct it at the ice.
hopefully it won't stutter.
i asked them to name me just 20.
peter the greatest benefit to all.
now importantly, these tumor treating fields have no effect on normal undividing cells.
it works in every browser on every kind of computer.
well, if we are, it's an awful waste of space.
you may not know this word, but it should be your biological first name and last name.
should you increase, maintain or decrease the number of fluids?
none of the haikus were written by the same person, and in fact, no line was -- you know, each line is contributed by a different person at a different -- at a different time.
he came up to me afterwards, he said, man, that's a fabulous story.
the coral can take us back hundreds and thousands of years.
now biologists generally are not good theoreticians.
this is what many divers would consider paradise.
he could have asked them to think about which aspect of their technology could fit with other parts of the organization.
comics is a kind of call and response in which the artist gives you something to see within the panels, and then gives you something to imagine between the panels.
it's amazing.
and i wondered how they did it from so close.
these are all over the planet mars, and we're busy cataloguing them now.
i actually understood the mechanics of vertebrae enough to kind of start to imitate them.
he quickened his pace, almost to a jog now.
and it just so happened, on the fifth week, there was a public teaching by the dalai lama.
burma is in chains, zimbabwe is a human tragedy, in sudan thousands of people have died unnecessarily for wars that we could prevent.
there's a huge amount of information about the genetics just by comparing the genetic similarity.
and we are evolutionarily designed to do vision.
but then we are limiting our economic sphere to something very small area.
i would even say that with viagra, estrogen replacement, hip replacements and the incredibly interesting women -- women have never been as interesting as they are now.
the temperature at the surface is some 350 degrees below zero fahrenheit.
life turned hard so it could venture inland.
now as you know, a great deal of time is spent, in this country and around the world, inside the climate debate, on the question of, what if the ipc scientists are all wrong?
and look at this whole range of cycle-based innovations cycle that's a sprayer, cycle that generates energy from the shocks on the road.
he said, naif, islam and cartoon?
so what they do is they store the data.
the good news about holly though is that she doesn't actually have the same kinds of technologies we do.
such a state monopoly on violence, first of all, serves as a reassurance.
the fetus adjusts its metabolism and other physiological processes in anticipation of the environment that awaits it.
of course i always wondered what would happen if he'd kissed the airplane first.
and dupont has a major program with statoil in norway to capture and convert the methane from the gas fields there into useful products.
and then we're going to track that with a computer and use it to control another robot, which is going to tickle their palm with another stick.
i've spent my life as a warrior, working for women's issues, working on political campaigns, being an activist for the environment.
improbably, this lgbt singing choir has demonstrated how women are investing in tradition to create change, like alchemists turning discord into harmony.
now, doctors and nurses -- they too get trained.
and it took a lot of courage for these defenders to decide that they would begin to stand up and support each other in implementing these laws.
they're picking up a giant floppy disk made of cardboard.
it represents the change in a reliable way of the responses of tens of millions, possibly hundreds of millions of neurons in your brain.
and what's crazy about this is that if you wanted to mix up who you were seeing on twitter, it's literally a quick click away.
but i think the point is that this is metaphor with teeth, and it's with those teeth that i want to propose today that we rethink a little bit about the role of contemporary math -- not just financial math, but math in general.
so, you can just imagine -- right.
yeah, maybe you're asking yourselves where old bruegel's people went?
eat your vegetables.
ok, if you keep them in their assigned paths you get parallel lines of different heights, but then hopefully even rhythm.
one was war, the indian army, which we don't like to happen very often.
so it matters that you do this wise practice in the service of others and not in the service of yourself.
we slowed down. and we went through moments of fears because we had no idea how the little amount of gas we had in the balloon could allow us to travel 45,000 kilometers.
this is effective around the world. the access to smartphones and cell phones today is extraordinary.
now, if i compare that to a cotton towel that i can use a thousand times, i don't have a whole lot of embodied energy until i wash that yogurty towel.
instead of entering the bone dozens of times, we enter just once, into the front of the hip or the back of the hip.
i did some work for microsoft a few years back.
so to put that number in perspective, for andrew to reach that same size audience by teaching a stanford class, he would have to do that for 250 years.
it's a cat that lives in trees, and at night it comes down and it prowls the coffee plantations.
one of the journey that i tread when i was tempted to eat my friend because we had no food and we were like around 400.
it happened 225 years ago.
narrator with a mattress below and attached to a safety rope, lynn began her 60-foot ascent.
the mesh network, the reason i -- and i won't go into it in great detail -- but when we deliver laptops to kids in the remotest and poorest parts of the world, they're connected. there's not just laptops.
half the children in this classroom have no parents because they've died through aids.
and wal-mart has committed they're going to sell another 100 million light bulbs in the coming year. but it's not easy.
i mean, i like to -- you know, my grandmother lived to 101, so hopefully i've got another 30 or 40 years to go.
i'm going to discuss with you three of my inventions that can have an effect on 10 to a 100 million people, which we will hope to see happen.
or you know, my, what big teeth you have.
but that reality is expunged from our policy-making process.
but when people learned what her son was accused of, she didn't get that sympathy.
bl daphne, if i may draw your attention to one thing.
the yogis had it right.
and so when i heard that eye specialist tell me all the things, a big fat no, everybody imagines i was devastated.
in fact, if you've got good enough governance, there is no resource boom.
and this is being built by a group of students at zurich for a design competition in biology.
i'm intrigued by a concept that was brought to life in the early part of the 19th century -- actually, in the second decade of the 19th century -- by a 27-year-old poet whose name was percy shelley.
flowers will arrive by the truckload.
well, two dollars, two dollars is too much for africa.
we still really haven't got a very complete picture of it.
we can understand functionality. this is really important.
then each of the different little pieces around it explain some fact.
and the idea was that you could take waste paper; you could compress it; and make briquettes that could be used for fuel.
but even if it doesn't, at least the door is open and there's a chance.
but, encouragingly, i've seen just the opposite.
so eight minutes and an embedded computer seemed to be all that we needed there.
now his failure to satisfy the family life, is an inevitable association of great people.
the last thing i remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon that i needed to see my mother again, and to please try and save my voice.
now, are they made in the right order?
you probably went out and bought them.
and it will be some months beforeward, and we see a long steady progression of the evolution from the first wiggles, to rolling over, and sitting up, and crawling, standing, walking, before we get to that magical point in which we can motate in the world.
but, in 10 or 15 machine generations they will, and these are machine generations, not human generations.
grid computing the power of grid computers is going to be just amazing here.
i had one. my leg eventually snapped.
the reason it's important is because this is a very special time in history.
cryopreservation pioneer of great depth is oliver ryder.
i was six years old when i first heard stories about the poor.
so we decided to paste white, white on the walls.
all of this completely ignores the fact that throughout this period, there's another supercomputer running in the world -- setihome.
and even though the police can be a little annoying at times -- giving us tickets and stuff like that -- nobody says that we should just get rid of them.
would you think of somebody who you adore, who's no longer there?
okay, how big was that? it's hard to get it.
we have 30 students a year go out into the field and try to implement this and move it forward.
thank you. thank you.
children have been trafficked from other conflict zones to come and work on the coffee plantations.
and they all tell you, yes, we have won the lottery.
another really surprising part of this picture is that it's not just the poor who are affected by inequality.
it's because i didn't have a self to get in the way.
he put up a slide a little bit like this.
local scientists must play leading roles and governments must be persuaded to buy in.
now, we started working together 18 months ago.
it's also full of anchor tenants at 20 dollars a foot -- triple that in the middle of the inner city.
here's pagoda structures.
i experienced this firsthand as a high school student in uganda.
do we have anything for dark matter? and the answer is yes.
you'll see also, there's a flag on antarctica.
and every single person who walks into his office hears the whole story of how this thing ended up on his desk.
and there was silence in the class, and finally one woman stood up, inaudible name, and she said khrew, which means teacher.
and our long-lived mutants are too.
that's what makes a lot of africans very angry.
ready? brace yourselves. here it comes.
the system was designed to augment human intelligence, it was called.
am i going to use a two-page spread like a comic book for more grandiose effect, i guess?
but the design was driven by a need to be quick, cheap, safe, respectful, flexible.
shows what is happening.
support the idea of capping carbon dioxide emissions, global warming pollution, and trading it. here's why as long as the united states is out of the world system, it's not a closed system.
it's effortless, it literally pours in.
so, we're cramming four million times the mass of the sun into that small volume.
and yet, what behavioral economics shows time after time after time is in human behavioral and behavioral change there's a very, very strong disproportionality at work, that actually what changes our behavior and what changes our attitude to things is not actually proportionate to the degree of expense entailed, or the degree of force that's applied.
don't look for shadow behind me. i carry it within.
and this just didn't work until we could cross this line that says high-definition.
so those laws are going to kind of spread throughout all media.
it's 27 kilometers in circumference.
i started to realize that i could look at the whole city as a living organism.
the first was, how did we get so fast?
the other lady tells me to wear adorable.
and if we really want to get out of this economic mess, and if we really want high performance on those definitional tasks of the 21st century, the solution is not to do more of the wrong things, to entice people with a sweeter carrot, or threaten them with a sharper stick.
lennart green three -- good.
the last thing that i would just like to say, when i'm talking to the police about what a perfect non-lethal weapon would look like, they almost inevitably say the same thing.
but let's face it, the secretary of state doesn't know much about iran.
in the end, what we realized we were making was a new blue-green watery park for the next watery century -- an amphibious park, if you will.
so, i think all people, we need that, but especially, i look at people like me, you know like, i mean, latinos -- we're about to be the majority, in like two weeks.
es it is a spiritual experience.
and the amazing thing to me is that now you would think this woman would like have excellent oral hygiene.
mental rotation is a task where i'm going to ask you, and again you're going to do the task, to look at this shape. study it, it's a target shape, and i'm going to present to you four different shapes.
resources weren't there to develop them.
says we have 219 toxic pollutants in our bodies, and this includes preservatives, pesticides and heavy metals like lead and mercury.
so luckily, the science -- no, sorry -- the marketing is getting easier.
she can scratch her back, she can scratch one of us, she can play another game.
now, this could do with a bit more work. it's still very early stages, and we pretty much just did this for a laugh, just to see what we'd get out of it.
tony blair and cherie. and again, the legalities -- we had to be very careful.
what would you say?
the bonsai table.
art,astronomy,creativity,illness,science,space
easy to treat. look at the situation in mauritius.
so historically there has been a huge divide between what people consider to be non-living systems on one side, and living systems on the other side.
so you can immediately apprehend the relationship between efficacy and popularity, but you can also, if you grade the evidence, do a worth it line.
how the hell do i do a telephone in three weeks, when you get these things that take hundreds of million years to evolve?
the sort of artist conceptions these are basically powerpoint presentations given to the air force 40 years ago.
we know what they are.
i'm very fortunate to be here.
i want to know your product, and that's very important.
it was actually robotic surgery.
it's amazing that 413 lbs were lost just from the extra exercise.
we were a little bit rattled.
and it got me through some -- i didn't make any royalties on this, but it got me through.
anthony atala's state-of-the-art lab grows human organs -- from muscles to blood vessels to bladders, and more. at tedmed, he shows footage of his bio-engineers working with some of its sci-fi gizmos, including an oven-like bioreactor and a machine that prints human tissue.
so this is what happens in the world, if we play the entire world.
so, the voting started and we actually got behind it ourselves.
but the whole community, all the different sects, including shi'a and sunni, would sit together and pray.
it fundamentally changed the way that people thought about computation, thought about computers, how they used them and who and how many people were able to use them.
and then more metal and some chain link in santa monica -- a little shopping center.
the images make the invisible visible.
it started with tiny quantum mechanical fluctuations, but expanding at a tremendous rate.
and over the past few years, i think we've been given a deeper view of human nature and a deeper view of who we are.
and suddenly the old man turns to him and goes, you see this bar?
she's about to let me know she's too frustrated with me.
so where do we go?
right now, im just coming down on this gorgeous, big, giant manta ray.
being able to do that means that i can generate energy cleanly, efficiently and cheaply right where i am.
it's not. i come from a place where kids can buy 35 flavors of blunt wrap at any day of the moment, where ice cream freezers are filled with slushy malt liquor.
and literally, this guy sat in my office in new hampshire and said, i want you to give me something that we can put on these kids that'll pick up a raisin or a grape off a table, they'll be able to put it in their mouth without destroying either one, and they'll be able to know the difference without looking at it.
these people believe that the indus script represents an ancient form of the dravidian language family, which is the language family spoken in much of south india today.
where they have the same kind of security to take risks.
and he tried to talk me out of it, but it was like, ok, i know nothing about applying to law school, i'm poli-sci ph.d.
ataturk, rather like nicolas sarkozy, was very keen to discourage the wearing of a veil, in turkey, to modernize it.
now, can we do that? no. and we'll make ourselves wrong and others wrong. but it is a possibility to live into. thank you.
now, being a biologist, i was very curious about this.
and the last point i want to make is zipcar would never be possible without technology.
he creates these opulent tableaus inspired by hieronymus bosch, but also by the kashmiri textiles of his youth.
most of them come from very optionless families, not just poor.
so its safe to say that there are 2,000 films.
but when i saw that, i said, maybe the problem is just an authoritarian culture in the region, and some muslims have been influenced by that.
the first kind tells you, you can do it you can make it anything is possible
the object on the right is made from a confection of different substances, from silicon and metal and plastic and so on.
this is clay hunt. clay was a marine with me.
and they have to be in all possibilities, including those i never considered before.
your voice is small, but don't ever stop singing.
and they gave subjects the same wine, labeled with different price tags.
so like fox mulder on x-files, who wants to believe in ufos? well, we all do, and the reason for that is because we have a belief engine in our brains.
by holding the begging bowl and receiving alms?
archie lets it die down.
and sometimes afterwards i'll stick around and sign books and take photos with students.
no big surprise, obama couldn't do better than kerry there.
but it's going to require innovation that's not only going to need to focus on politics, on geopolitics, but it's also going to need to deal with questions of business management, investor behavior, consumer choice and even software design and engineering.
and this man does not look like a 65-year-old wheelchair-bound man.
they're moving around in this gravitational potential well of this cluster, ok.
we intend to turn the intellectual and imaginative power, passion and boldness of our students, faculty and staff to developing strategies for acting on the critical challenges of our time.
but kids, usually they do art for fun. it's playing.
so instead of just butchering the body, i'd like to do more clinically meaningful dissections.
and jack said the only way to deal with nuclear anything, whether it's war or terrorism, is abolition of nuclear weapons.
and kaposi's sarcoma-associated herpes virus gives a nice signature down here.
when people talk about the need to increase global food production to feed those nine billion people that are expected on the planet by 2050, i always think of these graphs.
and you begin to see the alternative centers of power building up -- in china, of course, though my own guess is that china's ascent to greatness is not smooth.
it's called the other car.
and so i've brought a couple of them with me.
my one year turned into six years thousands of stories, hundreds of long interviews, focus groups.
we embodied all of the key components of a fuel cell propulsion system.
the deadline for the show arrived -- my paints didn't.
if it is sounding familiar, it is because i was at the same time in my life listening to the beatles.
it's gone through science as an inquiry, which was a big advance, and dewey back at chicago -- you learn by doing.
in each one of these you can take some weeks, or months, or days depending on how you do it, or you can do them in a run, this meditation.
bg is this ready for prime time?
what we mean by that is, you know, frankly, the pc was invented in 1980, roughly speaking more or less, and for 20-odd years, it hasn't changed.
it's the last.
he had this line in his book that supposedly comes from the habsburg monarchy, where there was an empress maria theresa, who was having trouble conceiving.
so in a very typical, silly designer fashion, after years worth of work, pretty much all i have to show for it are the titles for the film.
the other pictures are of my very ill grandmother.
and that message, very frankly, is valuable for society today.
and it turns out, actually, that 42 percent is the mola mola fish.
returning to india to work with those fishermen, we made a net of a million and a half hand-tied knots -- installed briefly in madrid.
this was one of the most brilliant breakthroughs in all of food science.
we don't have a problem talking about truth or beauty in that sense.
that this old man would interrupt his moonlight stroll with his sweetheart with the precise reason of making fun of a child.
i was working, i was going everyday to work for the homeless.
and we released to youtube this, the virtual choir project, 185 singers from 12 different countries.
and here's a picture of sick ice.
this is the head of u.k. trade and investment, who was our client, with the chinese children, using the landscape.
this one, of course, still works with the wild dogs.
and it's a sort of choice we have to make.
if you were to reward doctors for doing more procedures -- which is the current system -- they would do more.
one study found that people who smile in childhood photographs are less likely to get a divorce.
this is the step off. he's written on that thing, the highest step in the world.
i was recently at a conference on luxury organized by the herald tribune in istanbul.
but people built the ability to have babies and care for babies as a purchasable experience that you can have in second life and so -- i mean, that's a pretty fascinating example of, you know, what goes on in the overall economy.
i go in people's bags. i look in people's pockets, purses.
transposons are just small pieces of dna that randomly insert in the genetic code.
art,book,chemistry,death,food,life,love,science
the dalai lama was once in portugal, and there was a lot of construction going on everywhere.
i would reach out to six men from all parts of my life and ask them to be present in the passages of my daughters' lives.
but what about a recycled paper towel that comes in those little half sheets?
we're working on also simpler technology, not that complex, with younger people and also older people, like this dinosaur is from mexico.
last year, i finished a film called women without men.
that bottle winds up getting burned.
we're born makers.
and you can see the vascular tree that remains intact.
lines, of course, would be cut, the force will be generated.
brain,computers,consciousness,mind,neurology,philosophy,technology
but i was convinced i was going to get him to buy a license plate protector.
you have bits of a volcano. there's a little bit of a volcano there. you have tube worms.
cat.
it's a secret.
we could do work on the sea floor that would be stunning, and it would be on live tv, if we have interesting things to show.
and it seems like it's happening all the time.
once again, the fat of the land goes to wasichu.
i've got to use video teleconferences, i've got to use chat, i've got to use email, i've got to use phone calls -- i've got to use everything i can, not just for communication, but for leadership.
two other people you know are very good at making the wooden shafts, but they're hopeless at making the arrowheads.
there were hundreds of people involved in that.
could you go the other way?
fish and chips in newspaper, the cornish pasty, the pie, the sandwich.
okay, for example, that's palestine.
and, i mean, funny things like this happen.
but we're coming to appreciate, is the transition from 2d to 3d, from programming bits to programming atoms, turns the ends of moore's law scaling from the ultimate bug to the ultimate feature.
and have to do something with it.
superhydrophobic is how we measure a drop of water on a surface.
now, this isn't just limited to wikipedia.
at the lurie family center for animal imaging, my colleague, andrew kung, grew this cancer successfully in mice without ever touching plastic.
one can do it as a tech person, or as a finance person, or a nonprofit person, or as an entertainment person, but every one of us is all of those things and more.
somalia had disintegrated into anarchy.
so then i repeated this experiment a bunch of times, and one time something very interesting happened.
we have to go away. we cannot stay here.
unfortunately, the science is probably closer to being climatology in that in many cases, very, very small changes can have disproportionately huge effects, and equally, vast areas of activity, enormous mergers, can actually accomplish absolutely bugger-all.
in fact, understanding why cooking works requires knowing the science of cooking -- some of the chemistry, some of the physics and so forth.
this is confluent smallpox, in which there isn't a single place on the body where you could put a finger and not be covered by lesions.
it means that when we look at people and see a person from africa and a person from europe or asia, we cannot, for a single position in the genome with 100 percent accuracy, predict what the person would carry.
they're standing alone at the high school dance, and they've never been kissed.
the lightest touch of her arm -- the touch of a hand, the touch even of a sleeve, of a garment, as she put it on -- caused excruciating, burning pain.
i think engaging mycelium can help save the world.
our instinct as parents is to order our kids around.
the fourth way in which sound affects us is behaviorally.
and a lot of my experiences resemble mirrors in some way.
garrett lisi on his theory of everything
is it nature, genes, or is it nurture?
i only learned this the other day. the earl of sandwich didn't invent the sandwich.
what's going to make the difference here is what dean kamen said, the inventor and entrepreneur.
these are little wells.
turns out that the research done on that is absolutely mind-blowing.
around each one of our courses, a community of students had formed, a global community of people around a shared intellectual endeavor.
we have the possibility to fly like a bird.
so, there are lots of reasons for eating this way that go beyond just your health.
and the good news is that if we added all of those components and thought about them, how do we create our own meaning, pride, motivation, and how do we do it in our workplace and for the employees, i think we could get people to both be more productive and happier.
but it is so slow.
and i was able to return to college because of the senior citizens who invested in me, and also the guide dog and skill set i had gained.
and you'll see over here, these are multiples of the number 27.
then, uganda started to turn back, whereas zimbabwe skyrocketed, and some years later south africa had a terrible rise of hiv frequency.
a mile and a half from the surface to two miles to three miles -- no sun has ever gotten down here.
now, there's one piece of good news i have that may save the world. okay.
these are q-tips stuck to my roommate with wig glue.
bob thurman says we can be buddhas
it is living -- fully-intact brain in a nutrient medium with these electrodes going off to the sides, attached photosensitive sensors to the brain, put it into a cart -- here's the cart, the brain is sitting there in the middle -- and using this brain as the sole processor for this cart, when you turn on a light and shine it at the cart, the cart moves toward the light; when you turn it off, it moves away.
there is a practice called female circumcision.
we fixed the pricing, taking into account what they would save in bus fare in coming to a city, so they pay about 20 rupees, and that's good for three consultations.
he was afraid of doing damage to the patients he was trying to help.
but, you can dim down the light to a level that it appears to be off.
what we really want to do in the end is learn how to program self-assembly so that we can build anything, right?
thank you
the agreement combines a power-sharing arrangement in northern ireland with cross-border institutions that link belfast and dublin and thus recognizes the so-called irish dimension of the conflict.
this is some of the most exciting stuff in development and democracy, where citizens on the edge of a network are helping to force open the process to make sure that the big global aid promises and vague stuff up at the top really delivers for people at a grassroots level and inverts that pyramid.
and so, the question is if there's so much non-zero-sumness, why has the world not yet been suffused in love, peace, and understanding?
viruses only grow in living things, and so it turned out that, for flu, chicken eggs worked really well.
the animal does not use that.
because when you think about it, people are happiest when in flow, when they're absorbed in something out in the world, when they're with other people, when they're active, engaged in sports, focusing on a loved one, learning, having sex, whatever.
and how are we responsible for this?
and it's destroying that precious benthic community on the bottom, things like sponges and corals, that critical habitat for other animals.
this is yadira, and yadira is five years old. she's in a tribe that's neighboring the huaorani.
other examples you can see here are from latvia, lithuania, estonia -- the central european countries.
let me tell you what i've come up with.
and i wanted to give something back in my own way.
pd that was filmed inside our airplane, and so, you can now do this.
it's about the well-being of nations.
they've also discovered that there's a heck of a lot of activity going on producing aroma as well.
so, here we go a flyby of play.
you look at your x-rays on a screen and you do stuff with them, you email them. but we were still using x-rays, but we didn't even have a viewing box
that is something that the medicines patent pool cannot do.
i reduced my mailing list to 150 people.
i'm not here alone.
and it goes from about eight percent up to three times that -- whole societies with three times the level of mental illness of others.
and it isn't until twice as long that they're all dead.
we found that the indus script actually falls within the range of the linguistic scripts.
and understand how they help us re-perceive what organized philanthropy is.
httpwww.ted.comtalkskarymullisnextgencureforkillerinfections.html
it was all i could do to hold onto this amazing creature.
these little specks that you're seeing in here, they're galaxies.
you don't want me to juggle, right?
he said, i can chop your head off right away and bring you back to life.
it's protecting five world heritage sites.
and i think that is an expansion of your moral compass when you manage to do that.
and you have no idea how hard it is to talk to somebody or take care of somebody you can't talk to.
one in three people in this room will develop cancer at some stage in their lives.
we're 70 miles above the surface of mars.
so for example, c-h-a-i-r is the english word for that, but a picture of this is a universal symbol.
so exit the rock star.
and as it's drying, it's compressing, so what you're left with, depending on the recipe, is something that's either like a really light-weight, transparent paper, or something which is much more like a flexible vegetable leather.
what i take away, and this in some ways is the most important, he espoused and exhibited a reverence for dignity that was really, really unusual.
i live in new york, and i've been working in advertising for -- ever since i left school, so about seven, eight years now, and it was draining.
we were plenty aware that we were messing with media, and on the surface, it looks like we predicted a lot of the right things, but we also missed an awful lot. let's take a look.
one idea, one world, one market.
we made sure that we produced some things ourselves.
and we will find that the two genomes in me, or one genome of mine we want to use, will have about three million differences in the order of that.
well, the healthcare system has been transformed a culture pervaded with defensiveness, universal distrust of the system of justice, universal practice of defensive medicine.
so, this is actually based on that. this robot is called mars multi-appendage robotic system. so, it's a hexapod robot.
so the first thing that we learn is that it is possible to define life in terms of processes alone, without referring at all to the type of things that we hold dear, as far as the type of life on earth is.
it's yes, sir; no, sir; no excuse, sir.
but really, where are those birds going to get released to?
so models can change.
the ideal future i imagine is where we all have multiple identities, at least one of which is an artist.
well, you look at modern hunter gatherers like aboriginals, who quarried for stone axes at a place called mount isa, which was a quarry owned by the kalkadoon tribe.
and you rarely see them.
that's it. i'm a useless person and there's no buddha, no maitreya, and everything is all hopeless.
so i thought, well they like to play games.
the next movement is called montage.
the rest of it's taken up with take your elbows off the table and pass the ketchup.
real falcons out of slightly doctored chickens.
i just want to know -- what the heck is it?
this one was very unexpected because, you know, i grew up with the scientific worldview, and i was shocked learning how much of my life is governed by irrational forces.
and for many people around the world, dietary cancer prevention may be the only practical solution because not everybody can afford expensive end-stage cancer treatments, but everybody could benefit from a healthy diet based on local, sustainable, antiangiogenic crops.
in fact, they invite the honey bees through their colors, and the bees don't keep all the honey for themselves.
it's how we look at it.
now, how simple can you make the production?
there was no snack food, and until the '20s, until clarence birdseye came along, there was no frozen food.
i don't believe it and i think this idea, popular as it is -- not in this guise but in general -- is itself one of the main problems that we face.
and then the great fortune of meeting up with gary and mary west, to get behind this wireless health institute.
and i'd make my own comics too, and this was another way for me to tell stories, through words and through pictures.
one is fast food, where everything is standardized.
but one late night, when i was compiling the report i really realized my discovery. i have shown that swedish top students know statistically significantly less about the world than the chimpanzees.
this is a buckminsterfullerene, a carbon-60.
there are tales of creation and loss, death and resurrection, and obstacles that must be overcome.
and everybody says, well don't they advance in the winter time?
so everybody knew this is a, not a useless project, this is an absolute damaging, a terrible project -- not to speak about the future indebtedness of the country for these hundreds of millions of dollars, and the siphoning off of the scarce resources of the economy from much more important activities like schools, like hospitals and so on.
in the last year, 2010, two car companies started, one that's in the u.k. called whipcar, and the other one, relayrides, in the u.s.
hardly anybody listened to him in his day.
because before the vagina monologues, i will say that 80 percent of my consciousness was closed off to what was really going on in this reality.
up at the top, you see the eyepatch display, which is the black column there for everyday use for your eyepatch, and then you have the pastel and other colors for stepping out at night -- special occasions, bar mitzvahs and whatever.
because you see now, i presented statistics that don't exist.
susan blackmore studies memes ideas that replicate themselves from brain to brain like a virus. she makes a bold new argument humanity has spawned a new kind of meme, the teme, which spreads itself via technology -- and invents ways to keep itself alive
and on the web, my real voice finds expression.
they are quite brittle. so you've only got a part of one there.
that's me at my desk.
roger 2.0 oprah, i can't tell you how great it is to be back on your show.
the next symbol panbanisha writes represents collar.
httpwww.ted.comtalksanilguptaindiashiddenhotbedsofinvention.html
but it tells us that we know how to create it, we know how to create it cost effectively, we know how to handle it safely.
not that that is particularly beautiful when you look at it with the human eye, the way the leaves form. they're curling back on each other.
and you truly liberate the brain now because you are allowing the brain to send motor commands to move this avatar.
ten, jack, queen, king, ace.
we said, well instead of releasing the full text, we're going to release statistics about the books.
they were not allowed diplomats.
and it concludes in something that you see here, that you actually wouldn't expect as being the result of rationality.
it's a video game move from star fox.
what does it matter?
so symmetry is a language which can help to communicate genetic information.
but when we look back at our own country, we're looking back at our cities, the cities where most of you come from -- certainly the city i come from -- there's legions of kids out there like these.
seventy-five percent of them are women and children.
maira kalman, the illustrated woman
no one can say that the plants were able to eat an animal, because it was against the order of nature.
shining eyes, shining eyes.
so, we used to have a celebration every year and select -- there used to be competition and parades and so on.
metaphor is not just the detection of patterns; it is the creation of patterns.
because of course, there's never been a mathematician that's gone crazy, so, you know, that'll be fine.
now not all of it is new species -- like that fish you see with the white stripe, that's a known species.
and many of you may have noticed that doesn't have as big an effect, as perhaps you would like it to have.
we picked madagascar.
mainly indian, pakistani, sri lankan and nepalese, these laborers risk everything to make money for their families back home.
this was an argument from the political scientist james payne.
it's certainly something he can relate to.
so right now, i feel more like these are my principles, and if you don't like them, i have others.
and we have a situation today which is incredible.
right? it's beans; right? it's coffee beans.
and just as in the early days, when there was a lot of sort of amateur interaction over computers, you can now get various hacking kits, how-to-hack books.
but what's neat about that is, again, i showed you that two-finger gesture that allows you to zoom in really quickly. because you don't have to switch to a hand tool or the magnifying glass tool, you can just continuously make things in real multiple scales, all at the same time.
and there's been a tremendous increase in the temperature up there.
a set of people actually say, oh, let me just grant it to them, and run away from it.
and this is our project for ford motor company.
her face was bruised. she had a black eye.
and i think it's particularly painful for us now in the west in the grips of what i sometimes think of as a control-z culture -- control-z like the computer command, we're incredibly used to not having to face life's hard realities, in a certain sense.
because i have to exchange your father's underwear.
well, of course, i went to the theater to see the play.
thulasiraj ravilla becoming blind is a big part of it, but i think it also deprives the person of their livelihood, their dignity, their independence, and their status in the family.
and i'm going to give a prize at the end of my talk for the person who gets closest to the answer.
we're going to win because we have dreams.
now, i said that if i were religious, i'd be very afraid of evolution. i'd go further.
and this can happen in the medical domain, if you think about it.
he who seeks truth shall find beauty. he who seeks beauty shall find vanity.
the problem is this little three-pound machine that's behind your eyes and between your ears.
in fact, you can find that the lack of basic resources, material resources, contributes to unhappiness, but the increase in material resources does not increase happiness.
and what if he's been sending little messages to bin laden's hideout -- or whoever took over after bin laden -- and he's actually like a terrorist, a sleeper cell.
in zimbabwe, for example, there were just about a dozen psychiatrists, most of whom lived and worked in harare city, leaving only a couple to address the mental health care needs of nine million people living in the countryside.
because if architecture is what i believe it to be, which is the built form of our cultural ambitions, what do you do when presented with an opportunity to rectify a situation that represents somebody else's cultural ambitions relative to us?
how one moment -- it was disgusting -- journalists would lie to me to get a story or a photograph of me, saying my work was wonderful, and the next minute there were terrible headlines about me.
and so that's not going to be a solution that's going to get us global with biologic tissue.
we have been working very hard.
today we have 20 million refugees in the world.
i love my job.
alexander, a young macedonian, met there what he called a gymnosophist, which means the naked, wise man.
and as we thought about it more, we realized that it let you fill in all the details about the experience, just as if you saw it on tv. so, for ted we decided to take our favorite idea for the gel magnet and work with roman and his team at the directors bureau to create a commercial for a product from the future.
so, you can't tell me it's working by the same mechanism in all three size.
but they physically run in opposite directions, which creates a number of complications for your living cells, as you're about to see, most particularly when dna is being copied.
but it's slightly different than in the conventional picture.
we set up carpet-weaving units, vocational training for the women.
landscape ecology concerns itself with how the stream and the meadow and the forest and the cliffs make habitats for plants and animals.
in this machine, any rural woman can apply the same raw materials that they are processing in the multinational plant, anyone can make a world-class napkin at your dining hall.
i had my own personal responses, but i also have a public role, and something needed to be said.
there was a second surgery -- which held up for five or six days and then it also fell apart.
right when i was 15 was when i first got interested in solar energy.
there are secular kooks; there are smart kooks, dumb kooks.
astronomy,comedy,humor,map,science
this is a song about a creature called a hummingbird moth which imitates another creature which imitates yet another creature.
i've got nightmare disorder, which is categorized if you have recurrent dreams of being pursued or declared a failure -- and all my dreams involve people chasing me down the street going, you're a failure.
the solution is not going to be more cars, more roads or a new rail system; it can only be found, i believe, in a global network of interconnected solutions.
the phenomenon you saw here for a brief moment is called quantum levitation and quantum locking.
i would like to bring costa on, if he's here, to show you the only one of its kind in the world.
now i worked with dying people for over 40 years.
ka before we end, i know you have a piece of digital video of the experience of being on this platform?
because we don't see how conflicts of interest work on us.
our investment in trying to prevent pandemic flu is affecting the distribution of possible outcomes.
their nose -- you can see his nose is flared right now.
and after all, we are our brains. my brain is talking to your brain.
here's a jelly.
and in order to get these kinds of computations started right, you need some kind of input, a kind of seed.
i swam as quickly as i could for the first hundred meters, and then i realized very, very quickly, i had a huge problem on my hands.
as an eight year-old, he and his parents fled the sri lankan capital because singhalese mobs were roaming the city, looking for tamils like renu to murder.
in october, i spent some time in the democratic republic of congo, which is the second largest country in africa.
he managed to do it in a mere 1,400 minutes.
and look at these images.
and there was a lot of terror.
some women who develop breast cancer die from it many years later, and most women, thankfully, survive.
ok, a little bit closer.
so thank you very much.
this is one from oxford.
in conjunction with our canadian colleagues, we've set this up.
and the reason that is, is because in a place like this island, a lot of the sand is made of biological material because the reefs provide a place where all these microscopic animals or macroscopic animals grow, and when they die, their shells and their teeth and their bones break up and they make grains of sand, things like coral and so forth.
yeah, nicole kidman sounds good.
so we feel that we have a winning value proposition to transform farmers' choices, to grow our agriculture, and to change africa.
what troubled me was that this top-down approach is still around.
and we know what's happened in the past, so if we start now, and we look at technologies and improvements to the food system long term, we might be able to recreate the food system so when i give my next talk and i'm 60 years old, i'll be able to say that it's been a success.
am i understanding you right, that what you're saying here is that we have in our own bodies a biochemical response to hydrogen sulfide that in your mind proves that there have been past mass extinctions due to climate change?
rob dunbar discovering ancient climates in oceans and ice
probably by now most of you have seen al gore's amazing talk.
nato forces went in, and the serbian army withdrew.
invention,war
the passenger pigeon has 1.3 billion base pairs in its genome.
and the other thing is they're working on artificial retinas for the blind.
in countries where girls don't go to school and you offer a meal to girls in school, we see enrollment rates about 50 percent girls and boys.
some of these were created by the player, others by other players and automatically sent over here.
i was worried about vaginas. i was worried what we think about vaginas, and even more worried that we don't think about them.
and there i really worked as an apprentice.
we have the device over here.
what i would like to offer here is a challenge.
and there you see unification, because matter particles, electrons and quarks, radiation particles, photons, gravitons, are all built up from one entity.
well, i have to tell you something very odd, and that is that being exposed to low oxygen does not always kill.
you too are a retired general, not so?
she says, all i can tell you is that it squeaks louder the faster i move it across the screen.
the night i brought you home, i watched you roll it out.
it's a kind of very nice, sophisticated way how to economically strangle a daily newspaper.
i found this sign as i was driving to maine recently, in front of a church -- good without god becomes zero.
it's a magical realist novel.
and that's the nearest thing to the dream.
he wanted to prevent the netizens from criticizing him.
a big thing that i also think about is accidents.
and we were very excited about this because, of course, they have a history of dancing with machines.
and they built beautiful cities all powered on that coal.
today, i'm going to take you around the world in 18 minutes.
take the problems of human rights and the problems of security in so many countries around the world.
don't make it africa. don't make it a race issue.
werner herzog, the german filmmaker said, i need to make movies like you need oxygen.
and i took crack cocaine, every single night for seven years.
unless there's anybody in the audience that would like to volunteer to stop eating?
when you go on a thing like this, we can usually be in the field for anywhere from two to four months, with a team as small as 20 or 30, to as big as 150.
now, a film.
and second, it gives us the opportunity to understand how these supermassive black holes interact with their environment, and to understand how they affect the formation and evolution of the galaxies which they reside in.
now of course, if you lose a lot of colonies, beekeepers can replace them very quickly.
and that the incredible amount of effort to deliver those sketches for years and years and years is not only something to be derided, but we would merely write it off as merely execution.
so we have got to create in this world also institutions for peacekeeping and humanitarian aid, but also for reconstruction and security for some of the conflict-ridden states of the world.
it was my longest operation.
so what happened is that a 24-year-old man, a chinese man, died in prison custody.
but sputnik provoked wonderful changes as well.
so we're looking for a permanent solution, and this is where we get lucky.
if we think about dignity in our conduct as citizens and as individuals with relation to the people around us, and as a country, if we could inject a regard for dignity into our dealings with other countries, it would be something of a revolution.
but we would have lots of time, if we see it coming.
that accidents, that louis kahn, who talked about accidents, this is another quality of the trickster.
these are 2020-circa scenarios, but they're not as futuristic as it may sound.
they took photographs, they fed the photographs into their computer program, and that computer program shaped a sand dune and then took that sand dune shape and turned it into -- at their instructions, using standard software with slight modifications -- a set of instructions for pieces of wood.
so, you can't live your life in fear.
another economic game that may not be as well known as the prisoner's dilemma is the ultimatum game, and it's also a very interesting probe of our assumptions about the way people make economic transactions.
we need to catalog it. it's a library of life, but right now i would say we don't have a card catalog for it.
and if you look at these qualities in the context of compassion, we find that the cognitive and affective components of compassion -- understanding people and empathizing with people -- inhibits, tones down, what i call the excessive self-obsession that's in us, therefore creating the conditions for humility.
if i were to touch the horse here on his skin, the heart puppeteer can shake the body from inside and get the skin to quiver.
and with these cheetos, i began to think, what can i make with these cheetos?
this is a tracking experiment, and any of you scuba divers, if you want to get involved in one of the coolest projects ever, this is off the great barrier reef.
it's not sustainable.
and it hadn't been up for more than a couple hours before i received this exuberant email from the guy who mailed me this postcard.
now the boy crisis is this idea that very young boys, for whatever reason, are doing worse in school than very young girls, and people have theories about that.
day seven, they show the classic scars of smallpox umbilication.
here's another guy. you can play the diagnosis game yourself here.
after that, and some previous volcanoes we have, you see a quite dramatic cooling of the atmosphere.
first, he predicts ivan will take the sandwich that's really his.
if you are buying something on the web, you're supposed to put in your address and you're supposed to choose which country you're from, ok?
and actually i could never raise awareness by myself, no matter what i'd achieved.
and you know, boyle says, well, shit.
it is reflected in the political statements.
that's what people want. that's what we're giving them.
it's about human connection.
but now look at our world. and we are living in a world that is -- where religion has been hijacked. where terrorists cite quranic verses to justify their atrocities.
let me say that again playing.
i look at this photo, and he seems really interested in what's going on with that button, but it doesn't seem like he is really that interested in crossing the street.
so i converted this into an interactive app, so i can now generate this application online -- this is the visualization online -- and i can say, yeah, brilliant.
we're against lying, but we're covertly for it in ways that our society has sanctioned for centuries and centuries and centuries.
michael sandel. thank you so much.
then mother teresa, another mystic warrior, who said, the problem with the world is that we draw the circle of our family too small.
and then you finally get squatter homes like this, which is built on the suburban model.
it takes a central cortex, if you like, to be able to orchestrate all those elements at the same time.
and so that's the beginning of protei, and that's the first boat in history that completely changed the shape of the hull in order to control it, and the properties of sailing that we get are very superior compared to a normal boat.
i have 10 picture books out.
why don't we take it a little longer -- maybe two hours instead of an hour -- and have less of this intensity?
a strong theme is always running through a well-told story.
here's how he put it.
my parents had this whole elaborate story about santa claus how they had talked to santa claus himself and agreed that instead of santa delivering our presents over the night of christmas eve, like he did for every other family who got to open their surprises first thing christmas morning, our family would give santa more time.
so let me show you something.
ain't virgin no longer, or something.
now along the way, george points out that his technology, the technology of synthetic biology, is currently accelerating at four times the rate of moore's law.
i suggest the house.
when i was here four years ago, i told the story about an ant climbing a blade of grass.
now, this is a funny sort of conceptual thing, and yesterday we were talking about danny hillis' 10,000 year clock.
and the doctor was, in fact, checking us to make sure we were, in fact, fine.
come on up. tell everybody your name.
so, in fact, there is the building, there is what we call the draw.
they all need clean water, they need energy, they need transportation, and we want them to develop in a green way.
cc yes, correct.
we put one piece directly north-south, and it holds the dishes at the ears, right?
so if i asked you, why don't you go and find me the prevalence in burkina faso in 1991?
here's what some of this data might look like.
and the kind of elements i'm talking about are, firstly, we have a restaurant inside a productive greenhouse, a bit like this one in amsterdam called de kas.
here she is.
there were a couple that were a little stubborn, but i had to talk to them.
same thing with receptin if you've got breast cancer.
they have to have a much more transparent financial governance.
so how does this work?
most of you have the intuition that it's not -- you wouldn't pay that for it.
so, memetics memetics is founded on the principle of universal darwinism.
but now, i'm not talking about gorking people out to fly to mars or even pandora, as much fun as that may be.
in other words, i don't want stuff; i want the needs or experiences it fulfills.
and my day job, as chris said, i'm an electrical engineering professor.
it's kind of a recent topic, at least in the u.s.
the physical model, on the other hand, is 2,700 layers, one millimeter thick, it weighs 700 kilos, it's made of sheet that can cover this entire auditorium.
and i got my daughter's barbie doll dish, i put it right where a bunch of carpenter ants were making debris fields, every day, in my house, and the ants were attracted to the mycelium, because there's no spores.
what's out there is there's something really interesting going to happen here.
i don't believe in the hope of change, unless we take action to make it so.
some people say, well, we don't still have enough data, we need to get more information, there's all these things we don't know.
and i would have lost my face.
so, whenever he sees a suitcase in the house, because everybody's always, you know, leaving, they're always cranking this wonderful dog's tail, and he runs to the other room.
there are these giant rocks flying out there, and they're hitting us, and they're doing damage to us, but we've figured out how to do this, and all the pieces are in place to do this.
taking the songs of the day and the old songs and remixing them to make them something different.
1301
so, africa is a complex continent full of contradictions, as you can see.
that is, you decrease the amount of dopamine, and their tendency to see patterns like that decreases.
but, when it encounters a very extreme terrain, in this case, this obstacle is more than three times the height of the robot, then it switches to a deliberate mode, where it uses a laser range finder, and camera systems, to identify the obstacle and the size, and it plans, carefully plans the motion of the spokes and coordinates it so that it can show this kind of very very impressive mobility.
this is a plot from christopher clark who tracked one individual blue whale as it passed by bermuda, went down to the latitude of miami and came back again.
so i thought i'd bring her with me today on stage, to have her as a witness of a remarkable journey, which humbly reminds us of the period of grace we've had over the past 10,000 years.
and if you think the tilt is tilting us closer, no, it isn't.
who has the biggest budget as a proportion of gdp?
but, every so often, we come across children who show some residual vision, and that is a very good sign that the condition might actually be treatable.
i have always, until now, called them all memes, but i do honestly think now we need a new word for technological memes.
so we had some theories related to cash flow, and lack of access to capital markets, and things like that.
and this speaks to the role of angiogenesis in regulating healthy set points.
so i'm just going to show you one bottom-line experiment that answers this, and of course i've got a lot of other data, so if you're interested i'm happy to show more. so the experiment is called a reconstruction experiment.
this is a backup system for world agriculture.
566
yeah, from my own experience. so i'm -- actually, i mean, here we have some artists that are a bit more structured. it's not too bad.
however, two-thirds of the way there was a barrier.
and there's a whole other type of play, which is object play.
no, i'm not even going to look up. no.
so if we take an example -- ptolemy had dozens of data points to support his theory that the planets would rotate around the earth.
also the person sitting in your very seats is a liar.
i present to you an excerpt of that work simhanandini.
it is the largest lake in the world. it's 800 km long.
this is the philodendron selloum.
all right. mike, thanks so much.
cognitive psychologists now tell us that the brain doesn't actually see the world as it is, but instead, creates a series of mental models through a collection of ah-ha moments, or moments of discovery, through various processes.
so to do that, we came up with a very simple paradigm in collaboration with the fiorella group, where one side of this little box, if the animal goes there, the animal gets a pulse of light in order to make different cells in the brain sensitive to light.
and suppose there's a galaxy out here in the universe.
a technician will put the electrodes onto the scalp using a conductive gel or paste and usually after a procedure of preparing the scalp by light abrasion.
alvaro siza grew up and lived in portugal and is probably considered the portuguese main guy in architecture.
it is so obvious that our only way of dealing with these new diseases is to find them early and to kill them before they spread.
and in fact, my friend and ideo founder, david kelley, whos out there somewhere, studied under him at stanford.
there's now a new research project underway at the karolinska in sweden to prove that hypothesis.
what do we know from 1918, the last great pandemic?
so seeing this in a very simple, dignified way was a very powerful experience.
and they'll stand before god and family and some guy her dad once did business with, and they'll vow that nothing, not abject poverty, not life-threatening illness, not complete and utter misery will ever put the tiniest damper on their eternal love and devotion.
so now you may be wondering, why does anyone get married ever?
this is the electric tie press, which never really did catch on.
they get locked in.
the other way is to change the type of food.
biology,communication,culture,evolution,language,science
a guy goes into a psychiatrist.
all the germs from the water we take.
so here's the world, and here we are in bali.
the bottom picture is hitler youth.
sure.
this is the cover story.
why do we have to take pop's underwear back now?
and the idea is you make eye glasses, and you adjust them yourself and that solves the problem.
and that's why they didn't live very long.
my lunch partner and i came away with some really important insights, and i'm going to share just one with you.
pm thank you for those images, nadia.
every single bead, every single colored band, represents a weather element that can also be read as a musical note.
that's enormous. that's like a whole set of different iq points.
when i'm making these pieces, i'm always trying to find a point where i'm saying something very clearly and it's very simple, but also at the same time it's very ambiguous.
and we could have been born 100,000 years ago.
same thing he understood the shape of the future, even though it was something that would only be implemented by people much later.
at tedxcaltech, cosmologist sean carroll attacks -- in an entertaining and thought-provoking tour through the nature of time and the universe -- a deceptively simple question why does time exist at all? the potential answers point to a surprising view of the nature of the universe, and our place in it.
they were going very slowly.
you know, all i wanted to do was draw pictures of horses when i was little.
it turned out that it wasn't, that it really is a system of motivation, a system of wanting.
ca we've evolved to get all excited about these dramatic attacks. is that because in the past, in the ancient past, we just didn't understand things like disease and systems that cause poverty and so forth, and so it made no sense for us as a species to put any energy into worrying about those things?
so if you want to know what's going on underneath those beautiful brown eyes, i think it actually looks something like this.
the modern healthcare sector has totally collapsed.
i happen to live in a little town, princeton, in new jersey, which every year celebrates the great event in princeton history the battle of princeton, which was, in fact, a very important battle.
but then i hear people saying, there is no progress in africa.
and he's summoned by his rich uncle, john carter, to his mansion with a telegram saying, see me at once.
and she said -- she was so honest -- she said, it's a great question.
like the startle experiments, for example.
and i can put it in this simple equation.
and finally, there's a profound social impact.
don't tempt me, because i will do it.
and then god looked to the future and realized, if the world was created just with justice, the world couldn't exist.
well because, if you miss your flight by three minutes, it is painfully easy to imagine that you could have made different decisions that would have led to a better outcome.
robots like this can really change the way we do k through 12 education.
this is a horrific condition. you don't want to see it.
the other way in which our genes can sometimes lead us astray is in social status.
they were saving to be able to buy a pair of shoes.
are we ready to do that? yes?
it tells me something else. if you remember, god's favorite angel was lucifer.
slaves cost between 3,000 to 8,000 dollars in north america, but i could take you places in india or nepal where human beings can be acquired for five or 10 dollars.
robert fischell and that is the invention to treat migraines.
and at the same time, we got invited to exhibit at the shanghai creative industry week.
and we were now well out of our comfort zone, and in uncharted territory.
and we try to convince ourselves -- we really try to convince ourselves they're wrong.
it changed like this.
and this is, of course, not the first time you've probably recognized this.
and finally, i just wanted to point out that this idea of self-organization, as we heard earlier, it's in the brain.
and he says, the link to one site didn't just grow on the other page like a tree fungus.
and that animated graphics can make a difference.
and so they went and studied 10 daycare centers in haifa, israel.
so that is indeed what is memory.
and we can scale this model.
well because all of the grid-like firing patterns have the same axes of symmetry, the same orientations of grid, shown in orange here, it means that the net activity of all of the grid cells in a particular part of the brain should change according to whether we're running along these six directions or running along one of the six directions in between.
so again i am a believer in the radical architecture.
which is lower than most olympic athletes.
you know it, i know it, but let's not waste our time talking about these mistakes because we'll spend all day here.
all of these technologies we can use.
look at these 10 movies. what do they have in common?
rap, of course, rap -- free-style.
that's like me telling you, hey, you know the nobel prize was established in 1901, which coincidentally is the same year alberto giacometti was born?
and as you do, you see the shadows of your own speech.
woman here father. woman yes, of course.
if you think about antarctica, it's technically a desert, it gets so little precipitation.
and i decided to build it up.
so what i would like to do today is have something of a discussion.
with profound simplicity, coach john wooden redefines success and urges us all to pursue the best in ourselves. in this inspiring talk he shares the advice he gave his players at ucla, quotes poetry and remembers his father's wisdom.
on the morning of the stroke, i woke up to a pounding pain behind my left eye. and it was the kind of pain -- caustic pain -- that you get when you bite into ice cream. and it just gripped me -- and then it released me. and then it just gripped me -- and then it released me. and it was very unusual for me to ever experience any kind of pain, so i thought, ok, i'll just start my normal routine.
so one reason is it hasn't gone global.
but in contrast to my evil twin who lusts after world domination, my motives are not sinister.
oh no, they were brilliantly accurate.
so that's kind of a bold statement.
science and just observation gives us that feeling without it, so i don't feel the need.
one group of people just met for an hour-and-a-half once a week in a support group.
it's an amazing notion.
only doubts and questioning and uncertainty.
these are the solutions that we need to find.
the industry wants to self-police themselves.
janine benyus oh really?
it's not exactly rocket science. we call this thing eye-in-the-sea.
we were banned from egypt, and our correspondents, some of them were arrested.
and it explodes, and it shines as brightly as a billion suns for about two weeks, and releases, not only energy, but a huge amount of chemical elements into the universe.
students may display captions in their native language.
you know, i don't know how many of those you read, but it's not fun to read and often not fun to write -- even worse to write.
it took almost 30 years for anyone in the world to crack this problem.
and i'm just curious whether you sometimes lie awake in the night worrying that you've opened pandora's box.
not usable for a youtube video.
i always felt good with dick feynman.
so i'm not saying that you should plant a meadow of pot, but a pot in a meadow.
here's a picture i took in alaska, a few years ago, of orcas.
it can be put down on any substrate whatsoever.
and her afghan network was just absolutely everywhere.
this is why i'm here in front of you.
i can do it simultaneously, where i'm holding this down, and gripping on another one, stretching this out like this.
and if we take that notion of a global innovation fund, we could use this time to invest not directly in government, though we would have government's blessing, nor in international experts, but in the many existing entrepreneurs and civil society leaders who already are building wonderful innovations that are reaching people all across the country.
so, a big question that we're facing now and have been for quite a number of years now are we at risk of a nuclear attack?
might we answer that clarion call with science, with reason, with facts, and, dare i say it, emotions?
go and study it.
i spent some years watching how good intentions for community empowerment, that were supposed to be there to support the community and empower it, actually left people in the same, if not worse, position that they were in before.
and while i was there, i made friends with a fellow named pierre omidyar, who is here today. and pierre, i apologize for this. this is a photo from the old days.
okay. thank you.
television comes quite a bit larger.
the duct tape is gone, and we added a second detector on top of the breast, which has further improved our tumor detection.
if you look at the y-axis of this graph, you'll see that, in the mechanically ventilated air, you have a higher probability of encountering a potential pathogen, or germ, than if you're outdoors.
so, back in the ancient times.
and i've never forgotten -- i never will forget -- standing in the kitchen of the unit, it was a sunday morning in january of 1974, standing in the kitchen by myself and thinking, i've got the strength now to do this.
anywhere between five and 10 percent increase in adherence, just as a result of this.
this may actually be heresy to say this at ted, but i'd like to introduce you to the most important innovation, i think, in medicine to come in the next 10 years, and that is the power of the human hand -- to touch, to comfort, to diagnose and to bring about treatment.
i went.
aaron filler from harvard said, isn't it time we stopped talking about selective pressures?
then they disappear and they're replaced by squares, and they have to press the squares that correspond to the numbers from low to high to get an apple reward.
so african agriculture, which is the place of most hunger in the world, has actually fallen precipitously as hunger has risen.
christien meindertsma how pig parts make the world turn
in playing this toy, you kind of -- this will bring up philosophical questions in you.
and so, i guess you'd say, dissatisfied with the performance and quality of these medicines, i went back to school in chemistry with the idea that perhaps by learning the trade of discovery chemistry and approaching it in the context of this brave new world of the open-source, the crowd-source, the collaborative network that we have access to within academia, that we might more quickly bring powerful and targeted therapies to our patients.
let me give you some examples.
when i ask my students to write about their happiest moment, many write about an early artistic experience they had as a kid.
and the other thing there's no evidence for is exchange between groups, because the objects that you find in neanderthal remains, the tools they made, are always made from local materials.
well folks, we have a protein problem.
it's eisenhower bringing modernity into the countries.
and finally, at the end of the journey, i could see this thin little yellow line across the horizon.
at that point gravity wins.
they begin to be attracted towards earth.
i try to do a lot of philosophy, a lot of thinking about all of these projects.
they control mosquito larvae, among other things.
we're going to win because we don't have an agenda.
and as we watch it, we are ashamed.
we think that there are about 10 million dead stars in the milky way alone, our galaxy.
business,design,technology,work
and congressman markey asks, you know, is it going to take a submarine ride to see if there are really oil plumes?
in pakistan, in lots of sub-saharan africa, again you can see democracy and elections are compatible with corrupt governments, with states that are unstable and dangerous.
roland barthes once said of flaubert's novels, flaubert did not write a novel.
design,technology,transportation
right now we're separated by about 25 feet of water, but this link will change that.
and they were a lot of fun.
you want to have a network of innovation.
it's like resetting a thermostat.
so what am i trying to say? i'm trying to tell you that there's a new wave on the continent.
how does that happen? we want dylan to be able to do that, and using this mantra of motion, dylan actually can do that.
and in so doing, i could produce a model that would fly, stay in the air.
that's the new world that we want to create.
you don't need something more to explain something more.
httpwww.ted.comtalksshanekoyczantothisdayforthebulliedandbeautiful.html
timbuktu was one great big market town.
we just learned so much in three hours in the water there.
it's a 130-fold improvement, and that is 10 times further and faster than anything we've ever achieved in industrial history.
i'm always surprised by how little people outside of canada know about the alberta tar sands, which this year are projected to become the number one source of imported oil to the united states.
notre dame, the sydney harbor bridge, the world trade center.
i've designed puzzles for books, printed things.
however, the media is not telling us the whole truth.
i started a couple of businesses that i thought would be the ticket to financial freedom.
are there some rules we can develop for changing rules?
we know how to do this better, and it's time to do better.
just relieving your arms with armrests takes 20 percent of that load off.
i admired them, and i decided to become a doctor.
this is grouper sex, and the groupers aggregate around the full moons of december and january for a week.
bf from six to seven. dh that's a world's record. bf really? dh for us.
here you can't find anybody to compare it with, because we're the only animal that walks upright on two legs.
the second, i don't think we're that close.
there are regions on mars, where, for some reason -- we don't understand why at this point -- the surface is very, very highly magnetized.
945
and of course, it really doesn't have that much to do with what went wrong because cancer is a failure of the system.
he's the author of seven books, six of them on mayan ceramics.
and if i vote it makes a difference.
in essence, what we've done is we've studied the science, we've looked at the behavior, we've seen over 2,000 kills by these amazing animals.
you were the better at spend and spend; i was the better at grubbing and heaping, but who was the better man in the end?
that first blush of blue is where the night and day are trying to find harmony with each other.
and it's time to start admitting you can't ask the same 19-year-old to do it all, day in and day out.
1858 in china was the victory in the opium war by the british forces.
meanwhile, for all intents and purposes, space looks finite to us.
this is some of the research that you're going to see that we're undertaking at the allosphere.
and many think that these countries are stagnant, but they are not.
and looking at that pattern. and what does that decline in social health mean, as a kind of a vital sign of the future?
a way to think about this is you can actually re-refine the processing capacity of the machinery by changing it.
i feel that i have dignity that i have lost for so many years.
because it's all of these things that i love all kind of in one place.
and in a mesh, every device contributes to and expands the network, and i think you might have heard a little bit about it before.
the first is really the notion of people.
without getting a little too extreme about this, imagine a world where everybody could go out their door and engage in the kind of exercise that's going to make them more relaxed, more serene, more healthy, burn off stress -- where you don't come back into your office a raging maniac anymore, where you don't go back home with a lot of stress on top of you again.
and this is latin america. it has everything on this earth, from the poorest to the richest, in latin america.
this is something like a new definition ever given in policing in india -- the power to prevent.
if you haven't seen it, it's worth reading. he's a pianist himself, and he details his whole career of looking at and observing incredibly powerful effects that music has had on peoples' lives in unusual situations.
when the -- and there's also many more male idiots in the world.
and when you have low productivity in this, in ice, the productivity in copepods go down.
and throughout european culture afterward, cyrus remained the model.
voice  i don't know how it's possible ...
so it seemed like maybe she had been dared to do this.
and if you think about it, it's very, very important that the strategy myth is maintained.
nicole no.
there's consequences for carbonate organisms.
so, it's a wheel-leg hybrid robot.
and then it also extracts movement.
we're calling it the one campaign.
with my new venture, marilyn monrobot, i would like to use art to create tech.
and here you can see it's rotating about the vertical axis only, creating circles.
tinkering school is a place where kids can pick up sticks and hammers and other dangerous objects, and be trusted.
so we started to wonder, what would a drug company do at this point?
it's time again to talk about inconvenient truth, a truth that everyone is concerned about, but nobody is willing to talk about.
we'll find some that work. we'll build on those.
i have this job interview in galena in 15 minutes, and i need this job, i've got to go.
these drugs aren't cures, but they represent a huge triumph of science because they take away the automatic death sentence from a diagnosis of hiv, at least for those who can access them.
in 2006, a few months after, i went ivory coast -- western africa.
and if you see the benefits of the mangrove in terms of the storm protection and cyclone protection that you get and in terms of the fisheries, the fish nurseries, that provide fish for the poor, that answer is more like 11,000.
so, my kind of hero for this in the natural world are these tropical frogs.
all right, get up come on and dance dh dance, come on. bf come on and dance
and a man told me, who ran the pearl buck foundation in korea, that there was a young girl, who was 11 years old, being raised by her grandmother.
that's why you get, you know, you get seashells up on mount everest.
so where do you get samples from for your genetic analysis?
but of course, that's a little bit like kissing your sister as far as driving a car, so the kids want to do a steering wheel; so they draw a steering wheel.
all the packaging is done by sam potts.
and so he took me through the initiation ritual for a bamana priest.
asteroid strikes get all the coverage, but medea hypothesis author peter ward argues that most of earth's mass extinctions were caused by lowly bacteria. the culprit, a poison called hydrogen sulfide, may have an interesting application in medicine.
but he was credited with coining the phrase, because it's there.
because your companies will always take away your life, but they can never take away your vacation -- in theory.
it's still heavy now, and it was heavy before that, but when you flipped open a newspaper, when you turned on the tv, it was about ice caps melting, wars going on around the world, earthquakes, hurricanes and an economy that was wobbling on the brink of collapse, and then eventually did collapse, and so many of us losing our homes, or our jobs, or our retirements, or our livelihoods.
but, you know, would you have thought back in the '60s, when the space race was going on, that the first commercial capitalist-like thing to do to buy a ticket to go to the moon would be in russian hardware?
so the first way that we did this.
so in a town like mumbai, which is half slums, it's 16th of the gdp of india.
they extract what they can, which is mostly the metals -- circuit boards and so forth -- and they leave behind mostly what they can't recover, which is, again, mostly the plastics.
so our paradigm is to really arm the teachers with as much data as possible -- really data that, in almost any other field, is expected, if you're in finance or marketing or manufacturing -- and so the teachers can actually diagnose what's wrong with the students so they can make their interaction as productive as possible.
okay, now getting to a part -- i want to show design in illusions. i believe that the first example of illusions being used purposely was by da vinci in this anamorphic image of an eye. so that when you saw from one little angle was like this. and this little technique got popular in the 16th century and the 17th century to disguise hidden meanings, where you could flip the image and see it from one little point of view like this.
but before i get started, i have a quick question for the audience.
the gharial and king cobra are two of india's most iconic reptiles, and they're endangered because of polluted waterways. conservationist romulus whitaker shows rare footage of these magnificent animals and urges us to save the rivers that sustain their lives and our own.
not necessary to what you would want them to be, but they will be about what they should, and only you will know whether you can do that.
people have asked me, it must take a long time to get there?
when i organized my foundation, and i thought about the world as it is and the world that i hope to leave to the next generation, and i tried to be realistic about what i had cared about all my life that i could still have an impact on.
twenty years back, when there was a report on bank computerization, they didn't name the report as a report on computers, they call them as ledger posting machines.
so i said, have what, shall i translate the internet into some indian language? that's not possible.
that is linked data.
we're not trying to understand how the problem came about.
and i swam through that night and into the next day.
i took here a model from robotics -- it's called the subsumption architecture.
i said, nope.
right? if you go down below on a boat, your inner ears are you telling you you're moving. your eyes, because it's moving in register with the boat, say i'm standing still.
so these are little ordinary, everyday heroes, and they're incredibly admirable, but there's no way that they can sustain this kind of activity in the face of a system that either roots them out or grinds them down.
they said that we want freedom; we want democracy.
i then thought it would be years before we'd be able to make it really, really useful.
we've never had this before because kyoto didn't work.
they took inspiration from, of all things, cap'n crunch.
let's say that if the physics of fusion is encoded into the universe, maybe the physics of life is as well.
these societies are the ibo, the somali, the kikuyus, for example. they have no chiefs.
so, he's going, what's in your hand?
my parents were fanatics about learning, and i'll come back to that a little bit later.
here is a community that got together and they said no to waiting.
and flowers and plants are the same thing, extended, and technology is basically an extension of life.
you can say that the relationship between science and design goes back centuries. you can of course talk about leonardo da vinci and many other renaissance men and women -- and there's a gigantic history behind it.
after all, there's a strong correlation between water and fishing, and for some, there's a strong correlation between fishing and beer.
the ventriloquist must first make us believe that a small boy is sitting on his lap.
google enriches itself by enriching thousands of bloggers through adsense.
way downstream we have the international criminal court.
so, we started talking with them, convincing them that we are in a protected area.
but you can see the music on his face.
this is sort of a look at the skull, and it's an absolutely fantastic thing about five or six inches long.
and i caught the guys, and they turned out to be working for what was then the soviet kgb, and stealing information and selling it.
but they will have a dark side.
another thing you might wonder about is, does it work?
these muslim thinkers and intellectuals and statesmen of the 19th century looked at europe, saw these things.
this is all in 3d and of course you can fly through the cloud of points.
these one or two story structures, designed to yield only enough income to cover the taxes on the land on which they stand, were not meant to be permanent buildings.
and when the molecule hits a certain amount that tells the bacteria how many neighbors there are, they recognize that molecule and all of the bacteria turn on light in synchrony.
now this shows a bonobo on your right, and a chimpanzee on your left.
now earlier on, as part of a tv show that i have coming up on mtv, i attempted to give a similar demonstration of what is now known as second sight.
you know chromosomes, but this was a molecule, and somehow all the information was probably present in some digital form. and there was the big question of, how did you copy the information?
and here's a beautiful picture of the andromeda nebula, which is our closest, largest spiral galaxy to the milky way.
i am thinking of your love for me.
it was more atonal and twelve-tone.
and there is no odyssey to our own moon, much less the moons of jupiter.
it's pretty incredible -- the video's online.
the definition of concussion doesn't actually require a loss of consciousness.
first of all, electric fields are not an electric current that is coursing through the tissue.
i was going to say, i had a great social experience when i went to college that i hadn't had before, a more fraternal experience, where i met six or seven other guys who i studied physics with, and i was very competitive with them, so then i started to get a's. but you're right i wasn't an a student.
you're talking to me already. what's the matter?
well this is very valuable.
and they tend to be on their own.
it measures the absorption of light in a sample the neat thing about this is, you have light source that flickers on and off at about 1,000 hertz, another light source that detects that light at 1,000 hertz, and so you can run this system in broad daylight.
so, i was in the hospital for a long time.
because, with our present knowledge, we have no idea what would happen.
we're moved because it's about the battle between good and evil, about right and wrong.
so, normally i would start at 38 beats per minute, and while holding my breath it would drop to 12 beats per minute, which is pretty unusual.
and one of the buttons at the bottom, you'll notice, is not print.
now, they are very efficient, but they are also very innovative.
on one occasion, she said she saw a man in a striped shirt in a restaurant.
and the watchmaker turned around and said, god can see it.
the recovery's going to take some time.
everybody joins in, and they feel they own the bank, because they have brought the money in.
that is 10 times larger than the mammal radiation, which was a four-legged radiation.
you believe i'm looking at you.
so what that meant was, when i went down to fort dix, i had to hop out in front of 180 guys and tell them of my vision.
and then i went home that night, and i had an even larger emotional meltdown, which i'll say more about in a minute.
httpwww.ted.comtalkselenegabremadhinonethiopianeconomics.html
dimitri, just waggle your arm around.
but this isn't the really interesting stuff.
and we think we can help that out by having little creatures that you can love.
ants are not known to occur in redwood trees, curiously enough, and we wondered whether this ant, this species of ant, was only endemic to that one tree, or possibly to that grove.
very heavy hetero guy.
let me show you what these people do.
and they then reported that her father was coaching her.
the bad words -- see, when people think about a place and they don't find a place on the map, they think, this map sucks
okay, so are you all ready?
what if we were to say, no more hard rock mining?
it took 20 years to design this and get it implemented in the field.
and if we did that, then google would back this.
the problem happens when you start to go underwater.
httpwww.ted.comtalksshekharkapurwearethestorieswetellourselves.html
they've found small objects such as these.
it's, well, you can imagine.
and so, in some sense, this talk today is my answer to that.
don't worry, relax, no, relax, it's a robot, it's smart
computers,history,life,technology
and one of the things we're really, really interested in at worldchanging is the ways in which the south is re-identifying itself, and re-categorizing itself in ways that have less and less to do with most of us in this room.
and so we're on one planet, and we have to be able to get to the root of these problems.
their face doesn't look like this. when they're angry, they look ugly, every being, but when they're happy they look beautiful.
we don't have a system to ensure that human rights, basic dignity, are ensured.
we really are seeing the dawn of interventional surgery.
and we switch this to the king.
the phones just aren't ringing about the people.
now he's really pretty sick. he needs help eating, he needs help getting dressed, he doesn't really know where he is or when it is, and it's been really, really hard.
a place like chicago has really reached kind of a level of international stature.
even though it looks like they're thinking as a group, they're not.
she sent money back to her family.
if you look at these two, eye contact, facing each other, possibly both talking at the same time.
but an amazing alternative energy company in paris is taking us off the grid with solar.
but not here, because it is a quantum effect.
sometimes those guys are nazis, my oh my.
alright. let's leave that.
what has happened in europe?
so this also has to be done in a decentralized way.
by holding it tightly, i feel strangely more detached.
the only thing that might tip you off is the round window.
here's some beans, and there are about 35 or 40 different varieties of beans on this picture.
and then with an instrument we have on board, a radar instrument, we found there are lakes like the great lakes in here, so it looks very much like earth.
they would always stop by to visit these huge winged bulls that used to guard the gates of that ancient metropolis, and the boy used to be scared of these winged bulls, but at the same time they excited him.
they said, why don't we have these things?
now, in the next few slides i'm just going to focus on that little square there.
you might agree with me on that.
there's an old african proverb that goes when spider webs unite, they can halt even the lion.
i think of meditation.
i think all of us have been interested, at one time or another, in the romantic mysteries of all those societies that collapsed, such as the classic maya in the yucatan, the easter islanders, the anasazi, fertile crescent society, angor wat, great zimbabwe and so on. and within the last decade or two, archaeologists have shown us that there were environmental problems underlying many of these past collapses.
you would tell everyone below you what to do.
let me tell you what they are. first one certainty.
in the good old days when this republican ran that company, their greatest work was work that built on the past, right.
it's a really big problem.
so the fact that not only did cancer not seem to originate in skeletal muscles, but cancer didn't seem to go to skeletal muscle -- there seemed to be something here.
we proved with those measurements that crocodiles scaled isometrically.
i didnt get shot.
now, clearly there are problems with the 35-hour workweek in france -- too much, too soon, too rigid.
but that's obviously not enough.
diluting it down to the point where there's none of it left.
and we set ourselves a goal of turning the continent green.
and that's indeed the case.
autonomy really set the vision for where we wanted to head.
mri generates over a thousand.
so when al gore set out to change the world again, he didn't do it by himself.
my arabic's reduced by now to wielding a dictionary, so i took four well-known translations and decided to read them side-by-side, verse-by-verse along with a transliteration and the original seventh-century arabic.
so what is this bizarre architecture configuration that makes the network sing and be so unusual?
it's that they weren't putting me at the top of this list; they were actually -- it got so sophisticated to the point where they gamed all of the top 21 places to spell marblecake. also, the game.
so it was not just necessarily about putting nature into the cities.
i think that's rather creepy, actually. why would a neighborhood have a logo?
amy smith a couple of other things that we're working on are looking at ways to do low-cost water quality testing, so that communities can maintain their own water systems, know when they're working, know when they treat them, etc.
now you are listening to a recording made by chris clark, 0.2 miles away from a humpback.
and to me the whole notion -- the things i'm photographing are out of a great concern about the scale of our progress and what we call progress.
and that is how, maybe in the near future, light can help hospitals to make people better sooner, recover them quicker.
so why is united states in the us?
yet this information is largely a secret.
well, we just put basically all the human respiratory viruses on one chip, and we threw in herpes virus for good measure -- i mean, why not?
but as david cameron of the united kingdom said about a month ago when he was talking about polio, there's never a wrong time to do the right thing.
and so they needed to be able to quickly transform between different theater organizations, and for operational budget reasons, this actually no longer happens in pretty much any multi-form theater in the united states, so we needed to figure out a way to overcome that.
but what are you going to do with a flat track pad, those square things?
and 1945, after the war, the electronics existed to actually try and build such a machine.
but a major threshold is passed when you mature enough to acknowledge what drives you and to take the wheel and steer it.
you're every breath that i take ...
the gulf of mexico is a very big ocean.
that hit a wall. they couldn't shrink them and keep the vacuum.
it was an achievement worthy of mahatma gandhi, conducted with the shrewdness of a lawyer and the idealism of a saint.
and so these companies, they build offices.
this is a graduate student. this is what he's doing to his thesis project -- very robust, if a graduate student does that to his thesis project.
and they found a way to do the first-ever world poll.
you are great. this is the correct posture.
but again, it's kind of surprising. you wouldn't really expect that.
so i went to al dunlap's grand florida mansion that was filled with sculptures of predatory animals.
you might want to leave now.
i put out notices and papers saying, if you are a british grandmother, if you have broadband and a web camera, can you give me one hour of your time per week for free?
this shape is of an extraordinary complication.
collect his data.
he knew that friendship is a short cut to play.
so we aborted using motion capture.
if i ever get out of here, there will always be a mark by my name.
and the gatekeeper told me, they come everyday to see if the center will open.
and he ended his life selling companies to venture capitalists.
it's a kiva, and larry's putting some water in there, and it works much better than a fish.
well, the conventional approach to post-conflict situations has rested on, on kind of, three principles.
and they did innovation in design and beyond.
because it was needed.
it's a pretty harrowing linkage between what's happening to our environment and what's happening to our human rights.
but as was the case for most of my generation, i spent a lot of time in front of the tv.
and ... wikipedia is fixed, finally.
it has six legs -- there are the tuned, springy legs.
so these are private, secret conversations.
we have a way to look at earth like that, you know, i am the man. the final man.
rick kay is a very famous wikipedian who does an enormous amount of work with vandalism, hoaxes and votes for deletion.
so the question should come to your mind is, what kind of design, you know, what kind of creative process and what kind of design produced the world like that?
and the other thing we saw is the amount of money doesn't matter that much.
is change possible in our emotions, in our traits, in our moods?
he was thinking far ahead, to how this would really grow into a new kind of life.
i can also make him spin.
so i'll just add a couple more. blink. blink.
it's a kind of imprinting and selective breeding process for the afterlife.
because diligent investors and venture funds have committed over 7.5 million dollars in funding.
the researchers found that the span of a player's smile could actually predict the span of his life.
i know i've talked about agnes here before, but i want to give you an update on agnes.
now, we cannot achieve perfection, but if we reach for it, then we can achieve excellence.
and the answer is six vessels.
and now the reason we have two words nowadays instead of one is because, you see, one of the words is a word that the system just got out of a book, it didn't know what it was, and it's going to present it to you.
north central india, the chambal river is where we have our base.
keep your hands up if you have sufficient life insurance.
this is an amazing group of people who are doing so much, using so much of their talent, their brilliance, their energy, their money, to make the world a better place, to fight -- to fight wrongs, to solve problems.
luke, come up please.
i wore a sanitary pad. i filled animal blood in a football bottle, i tied it up here, there is a tube going into my panties, while i'm walking, while i'm cycling, i made a press, doses of blood will go there.
i've heard there's something new -- a million times more rad than my phone.
it is essentially the stuff of life meets machine.
should you be able to buy a product that's sustainable sitting next to one that isn't, or should all the products on the shelf be sustainable?
and sometimes i would loan him money from my after-school or summer jobs, and he always had the great intention of paying me back with interest, of course, after he hit it big.
so we put in dogs mating, and, you know, we're watching it, and she's totally absorbed.
one of the sentences was, some jobs are jails.
this shows you the positions of some of these dams.
so here are some of the technical terms, all three-letter things, that you'll see a lot more of.
we can use these data now to provide other regions with recipes and the same technology.
26 terabytes fits in a computer system that's about this big, on spinning linux drives, and it costs about 60,000 dollars.
take the three most famous words in all of western philosophy cogito ergo sum.
literally, think of proteins as subroutines that you can string together to execute a program.
it's in their nature; it's in their dna; it's what they do -- even the good, well-intentioned companies.
it may have built a road, and that road may have served a very good role.
but around the world, they go into trance in different ways, and in pakistan, the way they do it is they burn juniper leaves and they sacrifice an animal, pour the blood of the animal on the leaves and then inhale the smoke.
to understand and use it sanely, as a part of the civilization yet to evolve requires a vastly larger population of scientifically trained people like you.
one of my girlfriends in graduate school, marie, said, kim, i figured it out.
so think about, this is in your brain.
it's mined by armed gangs using slaves, child slaves, what the u.n. security council calls blood minerals, then traveled into some components and ended up in a factory in shinjin in china.
i normally teach courses on how to rebuild states after war.
so these black boxes that we live with and take for granted are actually complex things made by other people and you can understand them.
and on earth day, 1990 -- the 20th anniversary of earth day -- thats when i began to speak.
if you talk to them, and you said, what is your social life like?
this is the map of the yuan dynasty, led by kublai khan, the grandson of genghis khan.
and paula radcliffe at that point says, i'm done. go.
they had their two cures. until a particular mother, whose child had just turned two, died of this disease.
and it reminded me of that old joke where the bank robber comes out of the courthouse handcuffed, and the reporter yells, hey, willy. why do you rob banks?
let's go back to my first example of the chinese.
to love everybody, he sometimes did not see the very closest ones, and that is inevitable for men of his stature.
an egg is a beautiful, sophisticated thing that can create even more sophisticated things, such as chickens.
and this corresponded to a tumor the size of a golf ball.
you, however, are blessed with the gift of influence.
so we did a second parabola.
we don't have disposable resources.
well, yes, in fact we do and the list can start becoming longer and longer.
a trick shared by the largest flower on earth.
we actually have a fan club for the robot, darwin dynamic anthropomorphic robot with intelligence.
now this is probably a good thing, right?
we get so many visitors visiting our lab.
so this is happening in the netherlands.
we need it to develop technology.
each one of the elements in this structure is a unique distance and dimension, and all of the connections are unique angles.
the metaphor is so clear. you bring the crosses from your community, in this wonderful fusion of christian and pre-columbian ideas.
and he said, dan, what's wrong with you?
he took my master falcon pattern, he actually did lost wax casting in bronze for me, and this is the bronze i got back.
i said, what? he said, do you have gaffer's tape?
hotel ... bushmaster two-six, bushmaster two-six, we need to move, time now
this man gave me his contact details at the end of the evening and said, if you want to do this, call me.
elizabeth bess?
i mean, these are the great tales of the greeks.
it was a kind of joke, because it's got a double derivation from the greek.
here, i interviewed people who were residents of formerly communist countries, who had all faced the challenge of transitioning to a more democratic and capitalistic society.
and there's the fountain.
what's your act two?
then, this faucet here is just a piece of osage orange.
no more little knicks and little nets.
well, this is actually what we're headed towards world machines.
the question is, why is it that the letter x represents the unknown?
and what's happening here is that wolfram alpha is not just looking up something; it's computing, in real time, where the international space station is right now at this moment, how fast it's going, and so on.
dh could you spread your legs a little bit?
and then everybody kind of runs out and goes out.
there's lots of supernormal stimuli for sexiness.
that might be true, but it's not terribly relevant.
this is in rio de janeiro, and it's getting a bit better, right?
and he raised his glass of raki to me and said, yes, carne. come.
but in case you do, here it is they're waiting, we're waiting for you to show us where to go next.
they then re-collapsed into another generation of stars and planets.
so, sonority is time and meaning -- a great quote.
look at the site that he built star wars mashups, inviting people to come and use their creative energy to produce a new generation of attention towards this extraordinarily important cultural icon.
so lawyers began to courageously stand up together to organize a system where they can take cases.
httpwww.ted.comtalksnigelmarshhowtomakeworklifebalancework.html
we do that corporate -- whether it's a bailout, an oil spill, a recall -- we pretend like what we're doing doesn't have a huge impact on other people.
the other half will tell you they don't like the question.
she was unable to tell me the names of the drugs she'd received during the trial, or even what the trial had been about.
that's when he falls.
there's only 8,000 basking shark females in the world?
animals,biology,children,film,plastic,science,sex
we're not doing it so that you can stick something up your nose or get in trouble. and don't even think about dropping out.
and as i look forward to what is next, it's been helpful to reflect on the things i've learned so far.
and i asked one of the voters, i said, whom are you going to vote for?
is it like gravity, which is the same everywhere in the universe, or there would be all kinds of different biochemistries wherever we find them?
and the woman came out of the audience, she said, that was a great story and i was very impressed with your presentation.
she was very tall, i would say.
they back then, actually, made fortune cookies using very much the similar kind of irons that we saw back in kyoto.
but now it's not falling, because there, with help from pepfar, it's working with treatment. and people are not dying.
i used to be in the film business, kind of, and actually, nicholas negroponte saw this when i was, like, 12, and anyway, so then they said, no, you have to make two and they have to fight.
queues of people start lining up at my house to charge their mobile phone.
so returning to those big challenges that i mentioned at the beginning radical increases in resource efficiency, closing loops and a solar economy.
and i said, yes, definitely. please.
there's a guy on twitter that i know, a health it guy outside boston, and he wrote the e-patient rap.
we see in our material flows that car steels don't become car steel again because of the contaminants of the coatings -- bismuth, antimony, copper and so on.
well, when she had her second daughter, her mother in-law told her son, i think you'd better get a second wife.
these folks are the moneyed interests in iran, the bankers, the oil people, the bazaaries.
this is the oceanic whitetip shark, an animal that is considered the fourth most dangerous species, if you pay attention to such lists.
we heard here yesterday quyen talking about the adverse event trait in prostate cancer.
hey, hey, black-eyed susie, hey.
cyber weapons have this peculiar feature they can be used without leaving traces.
one example is sanitation.
and these organizers, they're seeing each other, they're learning from each other.
next stop is west african heart institute, that we are going to be doing in port harcourt, nigeria, as i said before. we will do other centers across west africa.
so this was interesting.
that kind of food, yeah.
they said they were going to beat us up if we didn't make some gunpowder for them.
and i felt like, since my main character was a shark, the comic strip was a perfect vehicle for telling the public about this.
thank you very much.
or this jump, from a moving truck on the highway.
but see how much of the protein is still throughout the nucleus, even in the dividing cell.
for example, you are sitting in las vegas, and you're betting, and you let the other guys peek this card by mistake. feel, it's just the regular, one card.
httpwww.ted.comtalksraulmidonplaysalltheanswersandtembererana.html
she played the game without moving her body.
with it, they were hoping to capture the minds of people everywhere by being the first to conquer outer space.
woman there is no paradise it only exists in your head
we were able to mobilize ghanaians in the diaspora to instigate change in ghana and bring about democracy in ghana.
but i won't, because i'm 80 years old. this is my eightieth year, and i know that my time is brief.
and this is a technique that i usually prefer in my work because people don't know they're being interviewed.
or when you go to the supermarket and you're standing there in that huge aisle of different types of toilet papers, you don't take out your cell phone, and open a browser, and go to a website to try to decide which of these different toilet papers is the most ecologically responsible purchase to make.
because even if one or two of the non-immune people gets infected, there's no one for them to infect.
parsnips that are too small for supermarket specifications, tomatoes in tenerife, oranges in florida, bananas in ecuador, where i visited last year, all being discarded. this is one day's waste from one banana plantation in ecuador.
i do not have flowers in my hair.
thanks very much.
are there any general conclusions that arise?
we should study them with the same intensity that we study all the other important natural phenomena, like global warming, as we heard so eloquently last night from al gore.
so let's talk about those three as.
we're not going to talk about the hairstyles that they tried to force on me once my hair grew back.
so it's very easy for either humans or machines to separate these metals from one another and from other materials.
now in india, the big inequities are within the state, rather than between the states.
pretty? yes.
volcanoes eject aerosols into the atmosphere.
and that means whatever happens to other beings is happening to us we are responsible for that, and we should take it and do whatever we can at whatever little level and small level that we can do it.
2008, 2009 were heavy years for me for another reason, too.
when did we originate as a species?
they even gather together in such groups as the counter-vandalism unit -- civility, maturity, responsibility -- to just clean up the pages.
now, chris told me that you had a timeline video a few years ago here just to show how video game graphics have been improving.
i'm going to talk today about saving more, but not today, tomorrow.
it has now been five years, slightly more than five years, and the good news, thank god, is that the cancer is still in remission.
pter fankhauser meet rezero, the dancing ballbot
it takes us years to understand how to do that with dinosaurs.
and i shared their bread and their prayer.
and there are two key things it's got to do.
i just remember this unbelievable, just utter chaos.
so this little slide here shows you an optometrist and the little blue person represents about 10,000 people and that's the ratio in the u.k.
now, i have this device on.
i'll let jim decide which way to send it afterwards. ok.
what the hell does that mean?
the foot is distributed along the whole leg.
went through design, some architecture.
did you ever move your fuckin' ass from hollywood to go and film something real?
it's a primitive conifer.
httpwww.ted.comtalkssugatamitrathechilddriveneducation.html
it's unbelievable.
so if you take into account future generations as much as our own, every other moral imperative of philanthropic cost just becomes irrelevant.
my friend ronald gottesman says there are three kinds of people in the world those who can count, and those who can't.
and i think you would agree that we have found titan is a remarkable, mystical place. it's exotic, it's alien, but yet strangely earth-like, and having earth-like geological formations and a tremendous geographical diversity, and is a fascinating world whose only rival in the solar system for complexity and richness is the earth itself.
and this means that sometimes we'll actually switch our preferences to avoid this.
i think what he was complaining about is not universities but rather the lecture-based format that so many universities spend so much time on.
it's important that we build this platform, that we have the president, kikwete, and others of our leaders who are saying, look, we must do something different.
but what they know is they know how to resurrect it.
one is improvements in basic services -- especially health, which is a disaster during conflict.
i have to do a little bit more background reading, but i think this will be the largest amount of force produced by an animal of a given -- per body mass. so, really incredible forces.
603
and we came to 1978, and mao tse tung died, and a new guy turned up from the left.
and hopefully from that i get to learn something.
our children are doing brilliantly in sports.
okay, we're going to start with the first stage.
kiran bedi a police chief with a difference
if, for instance, i didn't want you to look at my right hand, well, then, i don't look at it.
this is a tool that lets us pass a magnetic pulse through somebody's skull, into a small region of their brain, and temporarily disorganize the function of the neurons in that region.
these are the dead in jonestown.
she fought off the hyenas with that stick.
the coring out of the back lets you breathe.
and if you can do that, incredible things happen.
and in a way that's a metaphor for life.
and that's one of the reasons they say a robot invasion is happening.
now i think there's a vision here, a new technology, and i'm really looking forward to a time when generations after us look back at us and say how ridiculous it was that humans were driving cars.
a goal i had there was to draw more people in to work on those problems, because i think there are some very important problems that don't get worked on naturally.
when the model t was launched -- and this is, by the way, all the figures that are adjusted to 2007 dollar prices -- model t was 19,700 by ford.
so, the flow of resources from the commodity booms to the bottom billion are without precedent.
this is not extreme. it's a girl thing, what we would all be if the big door inside us flew open.
this is live hiv virus at harvard medical school, who is working with the u.s. government to develop sterilizing immunity.
if i push him from a different angle, he'll react to it differently, and that's because he has a physical body, and because he has the motor skills to control that body.
we should not fear other countries becoming wealthy.
a large, unruly fraction of our trash will flow downriver to the sea.
as time went on, we stopped our environmental programs.
return to the army.
first, we need to develop a global awareness campaign to inspire local communities and governments to create no-take reserves that are better than what we have now.
haldane guesses that a dog would probably be able to place the acids in the order of their molecular weights by their smells, just as a man could place a number of piano wires in the order of their lengths by means of their notes.
feed your head, feed your head, feed your head.
the idea here of the car is that some of the materials go back to the industry forever, some of the materials go back to soil -- it's all solar-powered.
this is a horse. the horse is not in pain.
and i guess many of you here think that this is quite fantastic -- except for me. i don't agree with this.
here is the accumulation at biona creek next to the l.a. airport.
and i said, yeah.
well, do you ever need to give robots respect?
and it's that territory of -- it's this thing.
ja thank you, chris.
now that is prevention at the very beginning of life.
i knew dr. von braun very well.
and the more they do this, the more true it's going to be, because the more they do this, the better adam is going to get at making axes and the better oz is going to get at making spears.
they give permission, and we get about 40 or 50 concerts a day.
oh, you know, we're just doing art. art?
to this day, kids are still being called names.
when we make love, her holding me everywhere all around me, i'm there and not there.
now this leaves 10 percent deficit, sort of a mind-blowing number.
now remember -- -- she's supposed to be going to the blue flowers.
is it 20 questions? no, it's more like 120 questions.
compared to the sugarcane charcoal, where we actually have to teach people how to form it into briquettes and you have the extra step of cooking the binder, this comes pre-briquetted.
because we have 300 million microbloggers in china.
so that's thousands of little grains of pollen there, and there's the pistil there, and these are the little things called trichomes. and that's what makes the flower give a fragrance, and plants actually communicate with one another through their fragrances.
this past january, i traveled to a place called wais divide, about 600 miles from the south pole.
and again, it's actually a relief for what's going on in china because i think on the table right now, there's 27 nuclear power stations to be built.
it's a molecular computer building an electronic computer.
i was hesitant to include this in my presentation because this cartoon was published soon after 911.
ha thank you.
nothing's been diluted.
and that's it. those are the four jobs of the street trees.
mark cutkosky at stanford university, one of my collaborators, is an extraordinary engineer who developed this technique called shape deposition manufacturing, where he can imbed claws right into an artificial foot.
and there is a story -- it's a real story -- about my grandmother buying a carp on thursday, bringing it home, putting it in the bathtub when i was a kid.
and so, as a cancer doctor, you look at this, and you get a little bit downhearted.
it was a very dynamic environment, because particularly in those middle school years -- fifth through eighth grade -- keeping people engaged and setting the tone that everybody in the classroom needs to pay attention, nobody gets to make fun of it or have the position of the kid who doesn't want to be there.
and we've accomplished that in about 430,000 kids today.
and then i took an inventory of the characteristics, along with her, of the of the capabilities and elements of different dancers who'd won championships.
basically the news is going to keep getting more scary.
we set the place up, we opened up, we spent months and months renovating this place.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjanepoynterlifeinbiosphere2.html
it's not an idea. it's not equivalent to anything else, really.
and i will show you that what has happened in one of the best countries, with the most vibrant economy in africa and a good governance, botswana.
and indeed, these days i harbor new hopes.
even the lockset is probably worth 200 dollars.
and a pig disease, a pig virus, and a human virus can both proliferate, and because of their kind of reproduction, they can combine and produce a new virus.
it had no limits. it was invincible.
and they watched for a few minutes and he turned to her mother and said, mrs. lynne, gillian isn't sick; she's a dancer.
imagine, with somebody who's lost their whole arm, we still have four major nerves that go down your arm.
this will be online in several days, probably next tuesday.
there is an invisible beauty all around us, each grain with a story to tell ...
that you can go from this zero situation, by planting the vegetables and the trees, or directly, the trees in the lines in that grass there, putting up the buffer zone, producing your compost, and then making sure that at every stage of that up growing forest there are crops that can be used.
so let me finish up with some good news, and maybe a little bit of bad news.
now what's powerful about this model is when you bring together all these stakeholders that represent each link in the chain from inception of an idea all the way to implementation in the field, that's where the magic happens.
simply documenting these soon-to-be-demolished structures wasn't enough for me.
now in the early '70s, one of the great programs in india was to revitalize primary science in village schools.
now, this area floods three to four times a year, and there's a levee behind our site similar to the ones that broke in new orleans.
but a modern tourist going around the palace of versailles and looking at louis xiv's pictures, he has 498 people doing his dinner tonight too.
our housing has become a commodity, and i'll talk a little bit about that.
i'm here today to show my photographs of the lakota.
in 1974, india had a population of 600 million.
we all, everybody, has a story that they follow.
life is temptation. it's all about yielding, resisting, yes, no, now, later, impulsive, reflective, present focus and future focus.
and just began to design stuff, like chopstick wrappers, napkins, menus -- whatever i could get a handle on sort of wheel-and-deal, move up in the design world, whatever.
and i think that if that is true of virtual worlds, then these changes, though scary -- and, i say, inevitable -- are ultimately for the better, and therefore something that we should ride out.
okay? we're feeding seniors.
i tried other people and everybody said the same thing, cute. not for us.
so that's the change that's coming down the pipeline.
je well, that might change a couple things. thank you.
this is the result of my hobby, which is unofficial bin inspections.
so when i think of that, i wonder what our grandchildren and our great-grandchildren, when they ask themselves that question, i wonder how they will answer.
this is the third night we were in korea.
the robot's being totally autonomous.
and i said to my husband, i said, ben, can i buy a banjo? and he's like, no.
in fact, when i travel to the developing world, coke feels ubiquitous.
and you can see, using the old gamma technology, that it just looked like noise.
september 11 generated some interest in moving it over to ground zero, and i'm totally against that.
i have students like you in the class -- many who don't major in writing.
but i'm not going to change anything within those boxes, except their meaning.
which was very controversial, but it resonated with a lot of people.
my science teacher is shown absolutely beautifully in the movie.
this is some work from ray gun.
so we actually got some funding from the world bank to try it out.
so, how do they do that?
people who sell us fossil fuels.
all of this is wrong.
call me when you get off work. right?
and she was diving here with john lauret -- i think it was 1994 -- and collected a little nugget and sent it to me.
so now the neurons are represented by little nodes or circuits on the chip, and the connections among the neurons are represented, actually modeled by transistors.
a cancer epidemic caused by chemicals in the environment was going to shorten our lives.
and i want to suggest today that, in fact, that's wrong.
so, i went back to korea, and i went back to hyun-sook's village, and she was gone.
but what that does is it actually limits the artistic possibilities.
this is a cama.
so at those deep oceanic vents, fantastic chemistry began to happen, and atoms combined in all sorts of exotic combinations.
it collects about four and a half average hours of sunlight a day.
if we hadnt, then probably this would be the height of sexiness.
i want to have horticulture and greenhouses on top of residential areas.
and the view of scientists about how coral reefs work, how they ought to be, was based on these reefs without any fish.
we had a bit of a battle of wills.
now, of course, many designers, many individual designers, achieve this is in a much more organic way.
and there are muslims, many muslims out there, who are saying precisely this.
we've just been insanely trying to figure out how to live with each other -- billions of each other.
here we are, four years later you can't find a website that gives patients that information.
so he's really responsible for a lot of what we consider modern in dictionaries today.
please, also on the balcony.
it's a luxury solution for us who can afford it, if you want to afford it.
and then, this is a view going up, and then you could come into the theater, which can actually deny the view or open it up and become a backdrop.
so i'm going to move on.
we all know that some deep-sea creatures glow.
and i would like to share with you all some of the pictures that are happening today in yemen.
this weighs 6.9 pounds.
in fact, one of the most ridiculous ideas was, hey, let's have a silent stand.
and he says that he never would have become such an expert in the first place had he not been too introverted to leave the house when he was growing up.
so these guys, you see them.
instead, these people drink a little bit every day, not a hard sell to the american population.
5.5 percent. they are faster than the millennium development goal.
i try to figure out intellectually, philosophically, psychologically, what the experience of beauty is, what sensibly can be said about it and how people go off the rails in trying to understand it.
but once in a while you get access to the control room, and then you can kind of mess with the dials.
ca well, philip anderson may have been right.
we actually share the same genealogy with ozzie the iceman.
the old man reached out his knobbly claw for the woman's hand, and found it, and left me alone.
what i want to talk about is not that context is everything, but why is context everything.
it's almost more important than their eyesight.
and i had these legs made a little over a year ago at dorset orthopedic in england and when i brought them home to manhattan, my first night out on the town, i went to a very fancy party.
me only existed in the trying.
can you imagine this five-foot-two woman, standing up to men with guns who want to kill us?
it's a country of such contrasts, but it's a nation of nations.
i also have an archaeological project going on in egypt.
and to give you a sense of how short that is, the sun takes 200 million years to go around the center of the galaxy.
coal oil lamp -- we didn't have electricity in our farm home.
after going to sleep at 1245 a.m.
that's not very good for doctors' business.
take these, put it in your wallet and spend a second thinking about what you're going to do with it.
and within a week i had come to believe that the second coming of christ had occurred, that it was sun myung moon, and that i had been specially chosen and prepared by god to be his disciple.
and everyone goes, great he leaves the country and the french and the germans go, no, no, forget about that, absolutely not. nothing happens. he goes to strasburg.
and that's curtis wong, worldwide telescope.
they know how to plant organic rice, they know how to look after it, they know how to harvest and they know how to cook it.
i rarely bathed. i sometimes didn't shave. it was dreadful.
i read that new york city was the first mega-city, a city of 10 million people or more, in 1950.
the state of girls, the condition of girls, will, in my belief -- and that's the girl inside us and the girl in the world -- determine whether the species survives.
so i hope that, together, we'll create something that the world will remember.
but i'm also sure that, because of the connections people are making, and the ability of ideas to meet and to mate as never before, i'm also sure that technology will advance, and therefore living standards will advance.
i can't look you in the eyes and tell you that i have a simple solution for that, but i can look you in the eyes and tell you that we can't solve any of those problems if we don't have crop diversity.
you don't strike first, but you have a publicly announced policy that you will retaliate savagely if you are invaded.
but i learned that there was a desperate shortage of skills, especially mathematical skills, in industry, in government, in education.
japan was the first non-western society to embrace it.
mostly discoveries made by accident.
how do we tackle things like mobility?
this meant making trade-offs.
you place it in a music hall, it all of a sudden becomes a musical score.
take a look at this picture.
so, you exercise and it picks up the exercise.
all right, i'm going to get on my knees and do it.
you had me from, hello.
but it was like sex, you didn't have to be told.
hc so, after about a day of chris and i staring at each other, we came up with something that was pretty close to the hamburger patty, and as you can see it basically forms like hamburger meat.
immunization, that's the cheapest way to save a child's life.
orient your loop this way.
and we are silent about them.
but i want to give you three examples to try to say that the trend line is in fact in the other direction, and it's the internet helping it along.
so i'm going to show you one that can be run on a desktop in two days in the next picture.
in salmon aquaculture, we kicked off a roundtable almost six years ago.
httpwww.ted.comtalkswoodynorrisinventsamazingthings.html
just to give you an example of how it works in china, for example.
now, it's kind of nuts to work on a new nuclear reactor.
up until the 1920s, everyone thought the universe was essentially static and unchanging in time.
i hope not.
this is not about charity. this is about justice.
you've seen this slide before, but there's a change.
let's start with iraq.
and if you look at some of the organisms that have evolved to live in deserts, there are some amazing examples of adaptations to water scarcity.
you get fungi, you get fish, you get plants, you get amphibia, you get reptiles, and then, of course, you get the dinosaurs.
by the way, that team went on to create six different concepts for the next model of what would be the proposal for the next generation after suvs in america.
now that, i suggest, is the view that comes out of taking memetics seriously.
they can be intercepted, and somebody can make use of your network if he has bad intentions.
they're the veins of the ecosystem, and they're often empty veins.
but there was an underlying support.
so the thing about water oil spills is that they are very politically galvanizing.
i want to play a bad guy. i want to rob a bank.
we now know the brain circuitry of imagination, of long-term planning.
and so from social networks to sociable robots, we're designing technologies that will give us the illusion of companionship without the demands of friendship.
this is 1996 we did this project. and so we sent them off with this team name, deep blue. now many people know deep blue from ibm -- we actually stole it from them because we figured if anybody read our faxes they'd think we're talking about computers.
now, look at that; look, its -- she just blew me away.
well, as chris pointed out, i study the human brain, the functions and structure of the human brain.
no, i said what's your favorite song?
because, if we can bubble up the very best from a vastly larger pool, this wheel turns.
google's jolly good fellow, chade-meng tan, talks about how the company practices compassion in its everyday business -- and its bold side projects.
and that provided the artistic director suddenly the ability to define suspension of disbelief.
those who are interested in poetry, the poem is a shropshire lad written by a.e. housman.
but let's go back down to symmetries that i got for these two objects.
they started a public campaign that says, a walking helmet is a good helmet.
so if you need to have some image of what's happening in the stock market right now, what you can picture is a bunch of algorithms that are basically programmed to hide, and a bunch of algorithms that are programmed to go find them and act.
from now on we count per capita.
so, what we have to do is get it right from the very beginning and what we have to do is find an intellectual property framework that makes sharing safe, and makes it easily understandable, and the inspiration here is taken from open-source software, things like linux and the gpl.
how do you plan to look for it?
why can't we do it more like the chinese restaurants?
there are hair follicles on them, and i can paint my toenails.
and i said, if you're serious, i will try to find a family for her.
second spend as much of your life in prison as you possibly can.
but when you look at cross-party ratings, you find, well, that it's lower, but actually, when i first saw this data, i was surprised.
and over the years, as we followed dai manju, we were able to see that she was able to move out of a vicious cycle and into a virtuous cycle.
now before that mixture hits the patient's lungs, it's going to pass by here -- you can't see it, but there's an oxygen sensor here -- that's going to read out on this screen the percentage of oxygen being delivered.
and i believe this is coming.
you don't have to heat them up as hot as you would something you do pressure canning because bacterial spores can't grow in the acid.
and i could just imagine the committees reporting back to them on where agriculture was going to take humanity, at least in the next few hundred years.
much of what we want computers to help us with in the first place is inherently spatial.
they pin a medal on his chest. he goes home to a ticker tape parade.
and by 20, i had the sense, i really had the sense that i could overcome this, that i was now strong enough that by an act of will, i could blow the obsessional thinking away.
i call it snack time.
so we had to solve all the problems we had without air conditioning and with very poor power, so most of the solutions that came out used little blasts of air put at the right places to keep the machines running.
received very favorably by business.
shrimp farms are a scourge on the earth, frankly, from an environmental point of view.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjohanrockstromlettheenvironmentguideourdevelopment.html
we then managed to set up a war crimes tribunal to deal specifically with those kinds of issues.
and hans made a point of saying, look, it's really important to have a lot of data.
and they're a lot more reverberant than la scala.
and what i've found is, rather than investing their money in food subsidies and other things, they invested in a school feeding program.
i'd set aside three weeks for this project, and that, i think, is what is meant by hubris -- -- because it turned out to be three months.
entertainment,film,space,sports,technology
i said, well, he's passed away, but his name was khosro.
every image is accompanied with a very detailed factual text.
so that's why we don't think it exists, the sufi masters working on us.
but it didn't -- it never occurred to me that it had to be invented and that it had been invented only 350 years ago.
and in fact, would even dump the grain in lake michigan, rather than spend more money transporting it back to their farms.
so that was the book. and so, from that moment on, i wanted to be a geneticist -- understand the gene and, through that, understand life.
so to sum up language is a collective human creation, reflecting human nature, how we conceptualize reality, how we relate to one another.
they are staving off the aquatic theory to protect a vacuum.
jm now this was used over a million times on the first day, and this is really the best of all the queries.
they have a tremendous capacity for holding on to nutrients and water.
we're using energy we can harvest on our roofs, and also on the training pitches, which will be covered with large, flexible membranes, and we will see in the next years an industry coming up with flexible photovoltaics, giving the possibilities of shading against strong sun and producing electric energy in the same time.
i'm not able to follow a line of text in a book.
and i think we can't afford to go on that way.
what is life? what is the origin of life?
after 1985, and before the break up of the soviet union, we began to disarm from a nuclear point of view.
but for a young man that made a real impression on me, that one never knows how much time one really has.
whether we're christians, muslims or jews, religious or non-religious, we feel we have a personal stake in it.
i'd love to go into, and get you to think about this process, and that's actually what we did.
you know, we're getting into china, we want to be there, but you know, there are so many people who won't have the access to write a blog.
i mean, we want to build frameworks in a way that makes it acceptable and makes it, you know, productive down the road.
rory sutherland sweat the small stuff
so this is a nand gate.
it is a dream come true to be part of this choir, as i've never been part of one.
peter tyack the intriguing sound of marine mammals
you can laugh, this is ok.
taking it a step further, mit's media lab is working on robots that can interact more like humans.
there will come a time, of course, when the exponential growth of discovery and knowledge, which actually began in the 1600s, has to peak and level off, but that's not going to matter to you.
ok? here we go.
and so i think that we should embrace technology because it is an essential part of our journey in finding out who we are.
i thought it was very indecent of accenture to ditch tiger woods in such a sort of hurried and hasty way.
two tiny little boys.
i started to feel guilty for my own relative wealth, because i wasn't doing more, apparently, to make things better.
what are the trends? if we just prolong the trends, without any real advanced analysis, to 2050, there are two things that can increase the energy use.
and it's like a dial on human nature.
it's a little hard to understand that, because you can go to a costco in the united states and buy cheap fish.
it understands what's inside of you and builds a sort of responsive relationship between you and your technology so that you can use this information to move you forward.
it's actually the most used feature on the website.
we have one antiviral that people are talking about stockpiling that still works, roughly. that's tamiflu.
and on the right you actually see a carotid artery that was engineered.
do they kill, torture, mutilate? 13.
and these are just a few examples of companies that are buying our plastic, replacing virgin plastic, to make their new products.
we're essentially implementing what paul farmer did in haiti he develops and trains paid community health workers who are able to identify health problems, ensure that people who have aids or tb are properly diagnosed and take their medicine regularly, who work on bringing about health education, clean water and sanitation, providing nutritional supplements and moving people up the chain of health care if they have problems of the severity that require it.
are you guys ready to celebrate emma?
what are these for happiness?
and these ads are generated automatically -- like in this case, on the washington post -- from the content on the site.
it had this resilience that is what we need in our modern world.
it's as if the whole population had to shift from being basses to singing as a tenor.
what it means is the mother and child stay under the bed net at night, so the mosquitoes that bite late at night can't get at them.
and i'm here to tell you the emperor has no clothes.
so here is one of the challenges, i think, for people like me, who do a lot of work with government.
this is actually the printer that you see here onstage.
at the beginning of the bush administration, when president bush, now president bush, was running for president, he made it very clear that he was not interested in intervening broadly in the world.
i can promise you that women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet.
think about yin and yang.
and our new project is having the inmates and ourselves learn how to raise the oregon spotted frog which is a highly endangered amphibian in washington state and oregon.
the press is certainly a business, and in order to survive it must be a successful business, but the right balance must be found between marketing considerations and journalistic responsibility.
of course the political agendas in the world has been very obsessed, polarizing the two against each other into different, very normative ideas.
let me just give you a few examples, first of rules and the war on moral skill.
we can turn it into a dazzling array of materials, medicine, modern clothing, laptops, a whole range of different things.
so marine conservation and coastal protection has become a sink for government or philanthropic money, and this is not sustainable.
so if we all take only what we need, then we can begin to share the rest, we can begin to celebrate, we can begin to restore.
so we've been trying in our lab now to develop drugs that will activate this foxo cell using human cells now in order to try and come up with drugs that will delay aging and age-related diseases.
it's aerated, it can be peeled off easily, it doesn't cause any irritation, it works underwater.
i said, what are you going to do now?
and, sadly, i don't think we'll have time for you to meet everybody i brought, but -- i'm trying to behave myself, it's my first time here.
so, it's about 26 degrees. you can't see it from over there.
880
humans have lived for much, much longer than the approximately 10,000 years of settled agricultural civilization in small family groups. nomadic hunters bring down rabbits, gathering food.
and like i tell my family, and my wife reminds me every time, you're risking your life, you know, every time you go to that country.
so we have an idea of how to play seriously, creating the universe by starting with essentially less than an eyedrop full of material, and we create everything we can see in any direction, right, from almost nothing -- that is, something extremely tiny, extremely small -- and it is almost perfect, except it has these tiny fluctuations at a part in 100,000 level, which turn out to produce the interesting patterns and designs we see, that is, galaxies and stars and so forth.
it also looks very similar to some of the cave dwellings of the hopi people that are in that area.
on the other hand, we have our friend the domestic chicken.
this is the same procedure, but now done minimally invasively, with only three holes in the body where they're taking the heart and simply injecting stem cells through a laparoscopic procedure.
one is bundled up into one sausage.
i think he's one of the most incredible men in relation to international politics -- in afghanistan, in iraq.
it's a dendritic drainage pattern that can be formed only by the flow of liquids.
i want to look like this. this is how i looked before.
you have the story of the audience as a community. yeah.
playful exploration, playful building and role-play those are some of the ways that designers use play in their work.
chris anderson did you touch it?
some of the poorer countries that have had the most experience with h5n1 have built up stockpiles; they're already expired. they are already out of date.
and this is when great-grandma was born, 1863.
all of this is happening without firing a shot.
if i was born in monterey, probably would be in brazil.
but this story's not about eliminating it, it's about minimizing it.
do you know what i think probably happened in this room?
what is it about ghana that produces leaders that are unethical or unable to solve problems?
and it has become a wild success, tapping into the enthusiast photography community.
and some of these animals are probably inspiration for the things you saw in avatar, but you don't have to travel to pandora to see them.
it's a heartwarming story, but if you drill a little bit deeper, you've got to sort of wonder about what exactly was going on there.
and in order to do that, i need to talk about mice a little bit.
the human spirit can overcome anything if it has hope.
but these are completely crazy, when you actually remember your sense of proportion.
but you don't cross it once.
he was going to tattoo little black dots on the right side of my face and make me look very symmetric.
interesting. somebody mentioned 1600 recently.
so that means anything you do, or anything you make, you produce a sequence of steps -- and i think lego in the '70s nailed this, and they did it most elegantly.
this is a five-level bridge in shanghai.
working with four prisons, we began bringing science and scientists, sustainability and conservation projects to four state prisons.
and this was even more important. in fact, campbell's soup is where howard made his reputation.
and what am i doing?
they start off pretty close together.
now here's a closer view of that community.
but if we just say ok, china, you're worried, you go ahead.
it's a social awkwardness like you're a stranger in a foreign land.
recently some sociologists from facebook -- facebook is the channel that you would expect is the most enlargening of all channels.
run, duck, play dead and hide.
so if we, for example, trace the path of one piece of content that drives someone to comment on it, and then we follow where that comment goes, and then look at the entire social graph that becomes activated and then trace back to see the relationship between that social graph and content, a very interesting structure becomes visible.
so, an optimal diet is low in fat, low in the bad carbs, high in the good carbs and enough of the good fats.
that will blow away a lot of the opposition.
i said, senator, i'm reluctant to go into a field that i don't know much about, but i promise you that if you'll support my school, i'll get it built and in a couple of years, i'll come back and weigh out that program that you desire.
this kid was from staten island.
now, to say this is not to say that we have got the perfect solution in our own society.
and so this is very exciting news.
i mean, this is a 2005 business week cover.
today, i would like to tell you a story, the story of a big change, and the story of the people who made this change possible.
that's it without the case on.
so the easter bunny has put things in the ocean floor, and you have massive heavy metal deposits that we're making in this mountain range.
and i think making it physical is a good way to do that.
africa can only be transformed by enlightened leaders.
we've had to create one of the largest social movements in history.
don't even think about it. don't think about it
and if there is a verb that comes with desire, it is to want.
and the reason why is that we live on a planet that is rapidly urbanizing.
the only kitchen tools my staff had was a box cutter.
dubai, to me, is like a hand that supports anyone who wants to make things happen.
puts it in reverse. fifty-five out of the driveway, in reverse.
it turns out your hospitals are killing people, and they should be at home.
we have recycling in all of our schools.
and it basically shows the percentage of people who indicated they would be interested in giving their organs to donation.
we were expected to define ourselves at such an early age, and if we didn't do it, others did it for us.
can you tell everybody your name?
they sporulated, the spores attract insects, the insects laid eggs, eggs became larvae.
most of all, i learned about love.
and that's going to keep happening.
i was able to scan the picture, blow it up to exactly full size.
and to realize that this is just the tip of an iceberg that when you compare everything here to south africa, it just pales, because in south africa, each year 300,000 mothers with hiv give birth to children.
so i found out the name of every official on both the korean and american side, and i photographed them, and told them how famous they were going to be when this book was done.
so with some friends we started to do different tricks, like for example this jump here, i jumped from a paraglider.
they give meaning to our lives.
you're building on people's ideas and values -- that perhaps they're candles that burn very dimly on certain occasions.
that is all well and good, but where do we go wrong, and what is the source of the lack of compassion in the world?
you could just about go to war and that was about it.
and that was the last time that london has seen a cholera outbreak since.
it's like that guy obviously had some pain while making it.
and they did this very rapidly, and i couldn't understand where they were getting -- they only did the randomness four times -- i couldn't understand where they were getting the other 12 symbols.
and the country that does this first will, in my view, leapfrog others in achieving a new economy even, an improved economy, an improved outlook.
if this does not blow your mind, then you have no emotion.
but because each of your cells contains your entire gene code, each cell can be reprogrammed, if we don't stop stem cell research and if we don't stop genomic research, to express different body functions.
images like this, from the auschwitz concentration camp, have been seared into our consciousness during the twentieth century and have given us a new understanding of who we are, where we've come from and the times we live in.
if you look at the iphone with its touch and the wii with its bodily activity, you can see the tendency; it's getting physical.
so, a little bit of perspective -- about 10,000 years of perspective.
neuroscientist and inventor christopher decharms demonstrates a new way to use fmri to show brain activity -- thoughts, emotions, pain -- while it is happening. in other words, you can actually see how you feel.
because they thought that if you are having a telescope, you are an astronomer so what you are doing is actually looking in a telescope.
especially in africa where t.b. and hiv are strongly linked, there is a huge common problem.
i came here today to talk about what's wrong with our food system.
goodness knows what they make of the lake district weather.
finally, there's one of evening primrose that bjorn rorslett from norway sent me -- fantastic hidden pattern.
so the project starts off by asking you to enter the address of the home where you grew up.
pyriform silk glands make the attachment cement -- that's the silk that's used to adhere silk lines to a substrate.
you click on that cookout tag, there an entirely different conversation with different people participating in it.
that was in the interests of the species tens of thousands of years ago.
and he said, why don't you see my colleagues in new york?
so, i gave myself the job title of ted custodian for a reason, and i will promise you right here and now that the core values that make ted special are not going to be interfered with.
bed net funding is up.
there is no government to protect them.
now the industrial systems of brunel's time have run their course, and indeed they are part of the problem today.
it's not telling the parents, if you see paralysis, take your child to the doctor or get your child vaccinated.
what your brain is doing is making constant predictions all the time about what is going to happen in your environment.
we have a lot of fun and i think the people who work for it enjoy it.
the data is all stored in a google doc, and it's literally generating itself from that data.
ca how much electricity?
and stage 11, we call it cooling -- because we never really eat the bread right away.
and the idea was to sort of contrast something very cold and distant and abstract like the universe into the familiar form of a teddy bear, which is very comforting and intimate.
that is really done in the countries.
and the rift valley is a depression.
that includes cottages and the like. but 30 percent.
and we should tread softly.
coming back quickly, we see here the radio sphere that we jumped out of in the beginning, but these are positions, the latest positions of exoplanets that we've mapped, and our sun here, obviously, with our own solar system.
now about half the audience has their left hand up. why is that?
she said, i agree with everything that's been said.
on the contrary, clinical trials are extremely useful tools, and are much needed to address the burden of disease in developing countries.
and for this purpose, traditional cell culture techniques just really aren't enough.
idea about women.
i think before i did the vagina monologues i didn't really believe in happiness.
now this seems like a fairly, you know, frivolous, but what happened as a result of that, is that that school now is forming a sex education class. it's beginning to talk about sex, it's beginning to look at why it would be wrong for a young high school girl to talk about her vagina publicly or to say that she loved her vagina publicly.
i mean, you can't make up results, and then do another experiment based on that one.
so again, like the internet compared to aol, and the sort of chat rooms and content on aol at the time, what's happening here is something very different, because the sheer scale of what people can do when they're enabled to do anything they want is pretty amazing.
instantly, you've found the links.
maybe that's the solution, maybe we should send kids to school.
and when i met harriet in person the next year at the ted conference, she'd gone online and ordered our own happy haplotype t-shirts.
when i was secretary of state, there were only 13 other women foreign ministers.
what i mean by that is that in some parts of the world, the government plays a key role in the development of technology.
the retina chip extracts four different kinds of information.
and often it does something more.
i don't know how to put this.
and now, in this experiment they get rewarded if they go to the blue flowers.
unfortunately, that hasn't been done sufficiently for the national science foundation, national institute of mental health or anybody else to really look at it in this way seriously.
along comes this woman, ada lovelace.
that's what tv does.
and that, i think, is a sort of thing to watch out for.
that increases impact by over 1,100 percent.
annie murphy paul what we learn before we're born
and then they began to teach us in the context of innovation, economics.
it's a big treat for me to get to come to this conference.
i had been tremendously invigorated by the knowledge and creativity that i found in that country, which had 60 percent landlessness but amazing creativity.
but we want to do better.
it's fairly dramatic, actually, to have this happen.
and then they're up again at eight in the morning.
these were literally wild-posted all over new york one night, and there were definitely some heads turning, you know, people smoking and, huh
it was, for a long time, revered as the most reliable of cars, and then they had the big recall incident.
we even made flooring, walls and everything, out of cardboard.
this is one of the mines. it doesn't have any beryllium in it.
the biases, whether intentional or otherwise, are pervasive, and so are the misleading mental images.
so, when my wife came in and she could tell you're awake.
and sometimes it gets big enough to become official.
gayle tzemach lemmon women entrepreneurs, example not exception
kristina gjerde studies the law of the high seas -- the 64 percent of our ocean that isn't protected by any national law at all. gorgeous photos show the hidden worlds that gjerde and other lawyers are working to protect from trawling and trash-dumping, through smart policymaking and a healthy dose of pr.
it was enough for her to make the decision to get her subsequent care with her private oncologist who, every time she went, examined both breasts including the axillary tail, examined her axilla carefully, examined her cervical region, her inguinal region, did a thorough exam.
some of these things are 10 stories deep or more, and one of my climbing friends says that the reason we actually climb at night is because if we ever saw the bottom of what we're climbing over, we would never do it.
so these are helicopters with four rotors and they're roughly a meter or so in scale and weigh several pounds.
what makes the building expensive, in the traditional sense, is making individual parts custom, that you can't do over and over again.
but i hope that you'll go outside and see the world in a new way, to see all the amazing synchrony around us. thank you.
and i'm going to kick it to keith to explain why that's important from a technical standpoint.
so a piece of mine may inspire a playwright or a novelist or a scientist, and that in turn may be the seed that inspires a doctor or a philanthropist or a babysitter.
and this is deep inside of the brain. it's very old, evolutionarily.
so this image is simply showing -- it's a field of marine piles interconnected with this woven fuzzy rope.
these guys were running an operation called i.m.u., a cybercrime operation through which they netted millions.
and my spirit soared free, like a great whale gliding through the sea of silent euphoria.
this is not because i am a better person than that student, but because of america's cultural and economic power, i had many stories of america.
we also have a program already called google grants that now serves over 150 different charities around the world, and these are some of the charities that are on there.
and it gets to another issue that was probably inappropriate to discuss six months ago, but perhaps isn't now, which is, not many of us love the world trade center as a piece of architecture, as what it had done to this city and that huge plaza.
but i was born in iran; i'm now an american citizen, which means i have the american passport, which means i can travel.
if you raise the level of your eyes a little more you go, i see you, oh my god you are here, how are you, i can help you, i can design for you a new toothbrush, new toilet brush, something like that.
and here's an example of a file we found from a server a couple of weeks ago.
so, that was done.
shallow seas nurtured life early on, and that's where it morphed into more complex forms.
those have to pay tuition fees know.
and that happens to be quite easy.
and this picture here, it's really interesting, it shows two things first of all, it's in black and white because the water was so clear and you could see so far, and film was so slow in the 1960s and early 70s, you took pictures in black and white.
let's try it one more time.
because what we're trying to measure, the rna -- which is the readout from our genes -- is very labile, and so we have to move very quickly.
and i did know how the alumni of various schools back in the 30s judged coaches and athletic teams.
but i wasn't worried, by the way, about, you know, the explosion causing the destruction of the planet.
most of it's incinerated or landfilled.
some people say this is because we have better diagnosis, and more people are being found out.
one interesting problem is the stone isn't very hard.
first thing is that the global nuclear weapons, in the stockpiles that i showed you in those original maps, happen to be not uniformly secure.
for a moment they become helium 5, because they've got five particles inside them.
because for them it's not a surgery test, it's an english test.
quite empty frames.
the axis of a wheel is staying on the same level, and this hip is staying on the same level as well.
1603
it's called spyfish, and it's a company called h2eye, started by nigel jagger in london.
jehane noujaim i was overwhelmed by the response of the film, for we didn't know whether it would be able to get out there.
you can see some internal organs.
those dikes have burst. people wade through law all day long.
and people would come from all over to hear him speak.
i showed some people a picture of tom, and a picture of jerry.
and had such -- it was an eye-opening experience to hear them talk about the world that is yet to come through technology and science.
the earth was struck by an asteroid, a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere.
these particles are not uniquely identified by their six charges.
biology,disease,evolution,global issues,health,health care,illness,medicine,microbiology,science,technology,virus,water
here is my father at age 19.
then one day he totally disappeared.
i know most people don't see it that way.
it operates like a safety deposit box.
you can see here a photo from the united states library of medicine, where people are put in the sun to get better.
aids,africa,business,choice,climate change,culture,disaster relief,economics,environment,future,global issues,poverty
and this costs very little money to make -- great fun for children to do.
i put my banjo on and i walked all the way to the east coast, put my foot in the atlantic ocean -- it was seven years and one day it took me to walk across the united states.
he gave a talk about how education and school kills creativity.
hunter-gatherer peoples explicitly go through this train of thought, and will often raid their neighbors out of fear of being raided first.
i was born in new york city.
7
and religion, with its wide following ... here in the united states, people may be being religious in a different way, as a report has just shown -- but they still want to be religious. it's only western europe that has retained its secularism, which is now beginning to look rather endearingly old-fashioned.
this was to be the focus of the investigation.
now look at this.
but there were also plenty of places in the world where societies have been developing for thousands of years without any sign of a major collapse, such as japan, java, tonga and tikopea. so evidently, societies in some areas are more fragile than in other areas.
that's true even amongst peers.
it empowers ordinary people to be more effective in caring for the health of others in their community, and in doing so, to become better guardians of their own health. indeed, for me, task shifting is the ultimate example of the democratization of medical knowledge, and therefore, medical power.
and i don't know, i think this project has a lot of possibilities, and i encourage you all to record just a small snippet of your life every day, so you can never forget that that day, you lived.
neither of those approaches is sensible.
they cut the cylinders up into three-foot sections for easier handling and shipment back to these labs, some 8,000 miles from the drill site.
but then she falls back again.
and then in the late 1950s, in the aftermath of brown v. board of education, when the klan was resurgent all over the south, mr. teszler said, i have heard this talk before.
anybody know what this is?
where again the machinery is deteriorating now from competent machinery, it's going south.
what does it mean? that means that it has a privilege that other countries do not have.
you could be in new york.
so, an ant starts out somewhere near the queen.
now the good news is, boranes you can get hold of.
on street corners everywhere, people are looking at their cell phones, and it's easy to dismiss this as some sort of bad trend in human culture.
how do we know when we are ourselves?
to get a sense of this, and it's been a theme we've talked about all week, i recently talked to a bunch of tweeners.
so now i'm going to show you the hands-free, autonomous self-replication.
you then exercise it, as what you saw on that tape.
there was amazing improvements.
at tedxmaastricht, daniel kraft offers a fast-paced look at the next few years of innovations in medicine, powered by new tools, tests and apps that bring diagnostic information right to the patient's bedside.
and then i found another list in one of my diaries that actually contained all the things that i thought i learned in my life so far.
at that time, beanie babies was a big hit, and we thought, we'll do a bunch of different ones.
ladies and gentlemen, this story has not yet been published.
what is evolution?
the future that we will create can be a future that we'll be proud of.
deoxyhemoglobin can be detected by mri, whereas oxyhemoglobin can't.
this is the difference between dating and marriage, right?
and if i haven't revealed my prejudices already, i think that life has been about molecular computers building electrochemical computers, building electronic computers, which together with electrochemical computers will build new molecular computers, which will build new electronic computers, and so forth.
ice cover waxed and waned.
i felt an embarrassment -- how could i have done that?
stroop tests have been done with metaphor as well.
1926, kurt lewin, founder of social psychology, called this substitution.
you have a seven-digit number, call out any six of them please.
and i was thinking this morning of the good life, and before i show you the rest of my presentation, i'm going to violate ted rules here, and i'm going to read you something from my book as quickly as i can.
we are certainly amazing, and we regularly solve complex problems with amazing creativity.
and all of a sudden, they could save seven times as many lives for the same amount of money.
all right i'm more than my genes -- all together.
can you you believe that?
and everything's automated at the other end.
of course, it doesnt matter, because it could also be that theyre not.
and leibniz was the first person to really talk about building such a machine.
the earth invented the computer internet for its own benefit, and we now, being the top organism on this planet, are trying to allocate resources in order to protect the biosphere.
if you give the nets for free, people are not going to value them.
nearby there's a french bunker, and the whole tunnel system is so complex that the two parties never met.
and everything about wikipedia is managed by virtually an all-volunteer staff.
all right, if this view of language and its value in solving the crisis of visual theft is true, any species that acquires it should show an explosion of creativity and prosperity.
tell me they're not going to have accidents.
they can have one marshmallow now. but if they wait until the experimenter comes back, they can have two.
i'm the director of nutrition services for the berkeley unified school district. i have 90 employees and 17 locations, 9,600 kids.
keep your hands up if you did 10.
so, i imagined a very simple gestural dance that would be between a machine and just a very simple chair, and ...
you know, the mind whizzes away like a washing machine going round and round, lots of difficult, confusing emotions, and we don't really know how to deal with that, and the sad fact is that we are so distracted that we're no longer present in the world in which we live.
and i have learned that power, particularly in its absolute form, is an equal opportunity provider.
it's about space. it's not about fashion.
sorry, i have to go on an assignment, i'll be back -- and then you never come back.
and that's one of the things that bill's been doing, is providing scientists with this first view of animals like this, in the world where they belong.
in the most recent elections in the muslim world -- which are those in pakistan, those in morocco and those in turkey -- in each case, people who present themselves to the electorate as islamic democrats were far and away the most successful vote-getters every place they were allowed to run freely.
and i'm applying a similar trick to say, what if we looked at the universe in our culture through the eyes of technology? what does technology want?
av it's true. so like we said, the early years were really wonderful, but they were also really difficult.
and we harvest those seeds, and those are the wheat kernels.
as my father likes to call him, asheikh azubare; as my mother would say, shakespeare.
around 1970, it was found that there were not only parts of the brain, but particular cells.
but all they had were big dinosaurs.
they were talking about exxon valdez, and that there was going to be a glut of oil tankers because of the insurance industries.
and he said, yes, we can prove it to you.
but remember, philanthropy is about giving of time and talent, not just money.
and secondly, when are these kinds of cars going to be available?
you might look at me and say, that guy must be a ballroom dancer.
and this is a therapist who sees therapists, because we have to go to those, because their b.s. meters are good.
for them, nations, countries, boundaries, borders still matter a great deal, and often violently.
in addition, he's spun off a company from the university called chemsensing, where they're working on medical equipment.
but i'm killing them.
we said, could you build this?
and i can let the other countries be shown.
the idea is that basically -- if it's constantly like huh? ... huh?
in other words, it's kind of random, kind of ad hoc, how we figure out what we should do.
but the one camera guy they never caught was the guy that went in just with a blank tape and went over to the best buy camera department and just put his tape in one of their cameras and pretended to shop.
now each of these jokes is labeled with certain attributes.
from that we also developed siyathemba, which was a project -- the community came to us and said, the problem is that the girls don't have education.
in the future you're going to be checking all your vital signs, all your vital signs your heart rhythm, your blood pressure, your oxygen, your temperature, etc.
does it make a difference if they're anonymous, in how they treat their victims?
beside that photograph there is the information about his life.
and the reason he would do that kind of thing is because he understood it feels so much better to stand there and say, here in my own little world, i am a god, i understand everything.
we just have to find them the right place.
these headless bodies can live for about a day, but they don't do much.
and he said, david, you're a magician, create the illusion of not breathing, it will be much easier.
so, they say the eyes are the windows of the soul -- turns out they're a window to a whole lot more stuff.
it only works about 12 months.
i don't know, guys.
this is slowed down 20-fold, and the crab just zooms across that simulated debris.
now if we could scale this, you could actually use it to run your prius, which is my dream -- to be able to drive a virus-powered car.
miguel nicolelis a monkey that controls a robot with its thoughts. no, really.
but you put one there. why?
so he taught me that physics is cool because it teaches us so much about the world around us.
so with our technology, we can tell right away.
but first, she said she's not interested.
i'm not going to go through all of these projects now, but we're involved in about half-a-dozen robotic development projects, in collaboration with a number of different groups.
and purchasing for progress today is in 21 countries.
that's not all.
it takes eight seconds to do this, and now that that's done, we can choose a movement-based action.
people were tracking their food via twitter, their kids' diapers on their iphone.
but these materials are grown from agricultural byproducts, not petroleum.
so they went out and they modeled a computer model of a sand dune.
and when i saw this, first an image and then visited, it completely changed the way i thought after that point.
and now i'm going to kill the maggots?
and that doesn't seem entirely fair.
awwww.
i know the ropes now, know what the tricks are.
people swore they were eating barbecue sauce, and this is free food.
i work for the jet propulsion lab. i'm building the next mars rover.
a photo is not enough.
i should add a tragic postscript to this -- she died two years ago in a bus accident.
now we to ask ourselves which are the large environmental processes that we have to be stewards of to keep ourselves safe in the holocene?
i think single-cell organisms are possible within two years.
i have a doppelganger.
we really think it's a phenomenal driver of things, to force us to do things differently, and we look forward to being able to actually, working with so many partners around the world, to be able to reach that goal.
those females are passing the pcbs in the fat of their own mother's milk into their offspring, and their offspring don't survive.
and they published this book in 1937, where they actually began to think about, what could you do in bio-reactors to grow whole organs?
i spent time skiing across the sea ice for weeks at a time in the high arctic.
meanwhile, we have illegal immigrants doing all the work, but we don't have any robots.
look here when i move them forward.
but also, the cat, the censorship, is not sleeping.
i wanted my artistic statement, my interpretation of reality.
years after he's had these drugs, i learned that everything he did to manage his excess saliva, including some positive side effects that came from other drugs, were making his constipation worse.
it's moved up again. the groups are more fragmented.
i stand here today to tell you about the use of the gun as an instrument of peace and stability.
there is only one solution. it's not that hard.
ab yeah.
but sometimes, a science has some other attributes which makes it really, really interesting.
back in 1992, i started working for a company called interval research, which was just then being founded by david lidell and paul allen as a for-profit research enterprise in silicon valley.
it's just neat; it's fun. it's so much fun i have it in my house -- but i have it in the entryway, i don't use it to make juice.
and there's a dude selling these aftermarket weapons for lego, because lego -- the danish -- no, they're not into guns.
and don't kid yourself some architectural details, incredible organic shapes and just, even, nature out of, again, little blocks.
we can ask ourselves, what is justice, and is justice blind, or is justice blindness?
one reviewer for a roman catholic newspaper called it totalitarian.
what's the regulation of the reserve and what is the regulation of the parks?
we're seeing this in events like mumbai recently, where it's so much easier to report now than it is to consume it.
there's millions connected.
after they sporulate, they do rot.
but here, brian captured a unique view by positioning himself underneath the boat when they threw the waste overboard.
what do we do now?
so the production side is working.
there are hundreds of lights in an aircraft cabin, and each of these lights could be a potential transmitter of wireless data.
what would you have predicted, not knowing this?
now, somewhere over the rainbow, my friends, is the south bronx of america. and we're doing it.
and it would be a mess in a context like this. this is a gothic cathedral.
that's why a lot of our people are more or less living in taiwan right now.
as another famous man, jerry garcia, said, what a strange, long trip.
but the researchers had a problem.
it was an absolutely amazing experience.
we're really good at small numbers.
a 24-year-old truck driver.
when you're beginning to rot a little bit, all of the videos crammed into your head, all of the extensions that extend your various powers, are going to being to seem a little secondary.
so you have to go back a few phases and start again.
you know, this is a building designed like a dvd player.
httpwww.ted.comtalkstheinspirationofsecondlife.html
machine run, fine. code isn't.
and what we think in schizophrenia is there are genes of predisposure, and whether this is one that predisposes -- and then there's only a sub-segment of the population that's capable of being schizophrenic.
it's not all that bad; you decide not to do anything.
of course what that allows bacteria to do is to be multicellular.
the fact population growth in countries with high laptop -- i need hans rosling to give me a graph.
she couldn't reach me. now she says she doesn't want to reach me because i'm a godless person.
in london i lived in a glass box for 44 days with nothing but water.
so what this means is that the user can start plugging in what they want the bricks to do.
and he died when the ambulance was coming to the hospital to take him.
httpwww.ted.comtalkscarmenagradeedyspinsstories.html
and so you could see that as this disc rotates about this axis, it will create a disc of light that we can control.
you may remember this as the aol-time warner merger, okay, heralded at the time as the largest single deal of all time.
in the context of the film, this is a deep-space battle station of the galactic empire, capable of annihilating planets and civilizations, and in reality it measures about four feet by two feet.
child oh my god.
and the people who come up with stuff that's remarkable more often than not figure out how to put design to work for them.
this huge package of dna is called a chromosome.
on his own, he wrote these sentences.
so i'll be sharing some of these noes with you.
and i watched them being locked up in prison and tear gassed.
and in harvard, for instance, they send out a letter to undergraduates -- freshmen -- telling them that they'll get more out of life, and more out of harvard, if they put on the brakes, if they do less, but give time to things, the time that things need, to enjoy them, to savor them.
and it's not like you could send them a text or shoot them an e-mail, so i was literally left to my own devices.
so here's some of the characters that we have.
if the rule of law is sound, it protects the poor and it protects the vulnerable.
when you look into it, it's sort of like looking at cloud patterns, but sometimes they're very modeled and highly rendered.
terrace theater i actually put on the map because it wasn't on the map before ted last year.
we couldn't begin to show you our archival stuff from the jellies.
and then i believe that we can all create a world we all want, where happiness does not cost the earth.
astrology, for instance like many rationalists, i'm a pisces.
so, when doing a center for the national parks in costa rica, we tried to use that idea of a gradient color and a change in texture as the structure moves across the surface of the building.
so clusters of galaxies will tend to form, because of all this gravitational attraction.
it didn't matter who did the choosing, if the task was dictated by another, their performance suffered.
point is there's obviously collaboration and organization going on beyond national bounds.
joshua commanded his child-soldiers to commit unspeakable crimes, and enforced his command with great brutality.
it is the voice of life, which calls us to come and learn.
the legs were swollen and the knees were stiff, so he needed a long preparation.
no doubt that it's going to happen, in my mind.
this is jane smith and jo bloggs, for instance, but you think it's camilla and the queen, and i'm fascinated how what you think is real isn't necessarily real.
this is a call center. notice how it's decorated.
woman yeah, it felt unstable, and it was very windy, and i remember it had lots of flags up and down the sides, so you could definitely -- there was something going on sideways, it felt, maybe.
they are more controlled.
now, they've tried this a couple years ago and it failed, because the checker gets tired of hearing the same message every 20 minutes, and reaches out, turns off the sound.
and one article that really stood out to me when i was just reading about this, trying to figure out why cancer doesn't go to skeletal muscle, was that it had reported 16 percent of micro-metastases to skeletal muscle upon autopsy.
it's seven cents a minute, in many cases.
as many as 100 million refugees from bangladesh could be expected to migrate into india and into china.
we don't want their collections.
i think it is.
so i'll just give you my message up front try not to go extinct.
weren't you there recently?
but part way through, they ran out.
1013
oh. where are you calling from?
httpwww.ted.comtalkstheraspynibrothersjuggleandjest.html
the other title that we launched is called secret paths in the forest, which addresses the more fantasy-oriented, inner lives of girls.
and this is the idea that science magazine used on their front cover.
now, it just so happened that i got to register the third domain name on the internet.
and well, they're very excited.
and this is one of my favorites, al-batina from yemen.
he influences you really good, you know.
okay. ah, there is lots of nice bright video.
i know what you like. i know who you are, and that's even before i look at your mail or your phone.
finally, on an ecosystem scale.
you can look down in the brain of an animal that's engaged in a specific skill, and you can witness or document this change on a variety of levels.
and in terms of the line of poetry, why does the poet use the word hare rather than rabbit?
and with the help of skype, that is what we are going to attempt today.
let me tell you why this is so important.
he said that he had been in the gulf a little while ago -- like about a week ago -- and a guy who had been a recreational fishing guide took him out to show him what's going on.
tbp i don't like that because it ends up the government is going to run the program.
and this also happened, so i have five daughters now.
cities,culture,food,global issues
and by taking giant mirrors -- and here she's taking giant mirrors and pulling them into the dirt.
what have i heard during these last four days?
but then the next generation of planes saves about half.
but in the computational universe, we've now seen how rules that are incredibly simple can produce incredibly rich and complex behavior.
what about other structures?
but these four charges corresponding to three forces are not the end of the story.
i'd want him to be unselfish, and look for the pass first and not shoot all the time.
670
that's how big and how dark the universe is.
so what i actually get, based on this lovely, smooth, desired force, is a very noisy version.
they're way cuter than the one at ... you know -- don't do that; they're probably going to be just as dumb as the human one you already have.
we can mate, so i'm going to see if one of these creatures wants to mate with me. yeah.
we've done it for many patients now, and we can say that they're all independent infections.
and these are all areas which are fairly reliably known to be part of what's called a theory of mind circuit, or mentalizing circuit.
he was a psychopath.
well, obviously not. it would be absurd if we were to engage again in the kind of operations we were engaged in, in iraq and afghanistan if we were to suddenly find ourselves in a situation in which we were imposing anything other than a democratic system.
what would you say to that?
it's good for your health. it's good for your productivity.
and for a large part of its cycle, not needing electric light -- electric light, which in turn creates more heat, which creates more cooling loads and so on.
but finally, there's a hotel there.
bj not being able to talk to one another while they're onstage because they're mic'd.
now this is a free app on the app store, so if any of you guys had this app on your phones, we could literally right now share control of the robot and play games together.
then we'd go and we'd show those as communicating our ideas.
the example i have here is a chair that came out of the year in bali -- clearly influenced by local manufacturing and culture, not being stuck behind a single computer screen all day long and be here and there.
and how are we going to understand all this complex information?
but how simple?
and for that reason there are many surgeries that just aren't being done with the da vinci.
it speeds up aging. it makes it go faster.
wherever he went, at every stall he stopped he was closely followed by a devoted smiling woman of indescribable ugliness.
that's not the worst part of it.
their diet is mostly plant-based, accentuated with foods that they can carry into the fields.
that is, you can stack them.
the victim failed to identify larry in two live lineups and then made a positive identification, days later, from a photo array.
of course i can. and they'd enjoy it immensely; i see them standing around right now, everywhere.
base jumping is skydiving from fixed objects, like buildings, antennae, bridges and earth -- meaning mountains, cliffs.
as we just heard from michael specter, it has changed over the years.
620
but our genetic code still carries the selfish and aggressive instincts that were of survival advantage in the past.
but that's because all the young people left.
these are different wars, with different religious factions, different political factions, and different socioeconomic problems.
then next year i did four. i didn't tell anybody what i was doing.
this sets up consumer-driven healthcare.
audience the endurance element is a very important part of the game, walking all those holes.
because this is what you will take away from here, a reconnection with nature, i hope.
and they're understanding more about quantum mathematics.
and the x-ray shows how beautiful nature can be.
they can say yes or no to the invention.
these red dots, these red areas, basically provide the food and livelihood for more than half a billion people.
so i asked myself okay, is this a model for creation, this adaptation that we do?
but not too uncomfortable, because there's something unthreatening about seeing a political perspective, versus being told or forced to listen to one.
well, a judge said yes, but only if the dad leaves the house and checks into a motel.
and there's a day's worth of our cups.
at 30 my powers seemed mighty to me.
and once things are in a pile i can browse them by throwing them into a grid, or you know, flip through them like a book or i can lay them out like a deck of cards.
she lays eggs, she feeds the larvae -- so an ant starts as an egg, then it's a larva.
but it's not just the developed nations.
a lot of my career has been devoted to trying to understand how these animals use their learning, use the ability to change what you say based on what you hear in their own communication systems.
so one of the things you can do to our icons, just like paper, is crease them and fold them, just like paper. remember, you know, something for later.
nothing doesn't exist, because there is always something.
and he remained there until 1.6 million years later, when this very famous fossil hunter, kamoya kimeu, walked along a small hillside and found that small piece of his skull lying on the surface amongst the pebbles, recognized it as being hominid.
the second house ever built is house number two.
i'm powerful.
i will support any politician of left and right, with any halfway decent meritocratic idea.
but of course, we don't do all problems.
two turned out to be about contemporary -- only two.
and it's the idea that we don't have disposable anything.
chade-meng tan everyday compassion at google
over the next few days, i began to realize that this quietness was not exceptional.
that's called the powell doctrine.
it needs a means by which you can legitimize international action.
the first is that we need to simplify the message that we're using, stripping away all the jargon that medicine has invented around itself.
why don't you sit down with kids and give them four items, a red shirt, a blue tie, a kangaroo and a laptop, and have them tell a story about those four things?
most are non-violent and they fall into two broad categories active engagement with ethnic rivalries and religious beliefs and fair, transparent economic development and provisioning of services.
all of us, to some extent, study this thing called a bill gates.
and we're hoping to some extent history will say we were right.
they make chemical words, they recognize those words, and they turn on group behaviors that are only successful when all of the cells participate in unison.
as a particle physicist, i study the elementary particles and how they interact on the most fundamental level.
and now its biggest threat is the disappearance of ice in the north because of the lives that we're leading in the south.
so i put a big c stamp on your forehead and then i say, here's a unicycle.
the united states did.
the reporters called me up and they -- i mean, i have to say they spelled my name right, but they really wanted to say, the bush-kerry election is so contentious, it's tearing apart the wikipedia community. and so they quote me as saying, they're the most contentious in the history of wikipedia.
and i guess i'll keep investigating until i get the answers.
kids, when we grow up, have dreams, and we have passions, and we have visions, and somehow we get those things crushed.
education,history,math,politics,science,short talk,space,technology,war
because if we can manufacture it after we've discovered it, we could deploy it anywhere.
but green foods often represent a way for us to disregard the responsibility as eaters.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobharmonhowthemarketcankeepstreamsflowing.html
that's just the simulation creating this itself, basically.
so all of you right now are sharing your microbes with one another.
so how do we solve?
when we started this out, we thought the synthesis would be the biggest problem, which is why we chose the smallest genome.
how many know him? anybody?
everything he sees from this point on is slightly affected by the linguine, but keeps on moving because this guy's got a job to do.
alain de botton a kinder, gentler philosophy of success
and it has the ituri forest itself -- about 1,300 species of plants, so far known.
yo napot, pacak which, as somebody here must surely know, means what's up, guys? in magyar, that peculiar non-indo-european language spoken by hungarians for which, given the fact that cognitive diversity is at least as threatened as biodiversity on this planet, few would have imagined much of a future even a century or two ago.
but when i came to see you, i said, i didn't believe in myself.
by the way, speaking of the filing system, it never occurred to us that these hyperlinks could go beyond the local area network.
see the difference within one african country -- it goes from very low level to very high level, and most of the provinces in kenya is quite modest.
and you know, those of us with kids often want our kids to take music.
and this is even more true if you happen to speak a language other than one of the world's major languages, and especially english.
maybe we don't quite need the data, but we need reminders.
it is obvious that this is not the way people want to do their work.
mostly they're worried about each other.
i could make nothing of that.
you take an airplane, you fly over the top, you're weightless for 25 seconds.
this is two weeks ago in ccp in coventry, who build parts for bentleys and so on.
we evolved as a species near the equator, and so we're very well-equipped to deal with 12 hours of daylight and 12 hours of darkness.
results vary, of course. this is pretty typical.
i met him at a 46664 event.
so jazz, this bandstand is absolutely amazing.
and so i just kept doing this over and over and over.
this is an example of what an organized society can do, a society that acts.
okay let me do this differently. is anybody preferring the wonderbread at all?
and then, if they're able, they may raise money to help communities in other parts of the world.
and that's roughly how many stars there are in our own galaxy.
this is a commercial application of my most recent work.
when will it catch up? i have to go back to very conventional graph.
one, the numbers you'll never get to see.
that is where you fake.
now, some of us are old enough to have a small, circular scar on our arms from an inoculation we received as children.
i'm going to talk about your mindset.
that's a good explanation hard to vary, because every detail plays a functional role.
it's saying to the rest of world, and to the people in that town, that we believe that in the 21st century, slowness has a role to play.
what we do is we take a fire hydrant, a no parking space associated with a fire hydrant, and we prescribe the removal of the asphalt to create an engineered micro landscape, to create an infiltration opportunity.
this is a 100,000-volt tesla coil that i built in my bedroom, much to the dismay of my mother.
and she claimed to be the general manager of red cross at the chamber of commerce.
tj it has to be companies. it has to be civil society.
and also -- i think -- without psycho-social therapy, and without considering this in all humanitarian projects, we cannot build-up civil societies.
if you understand the difference between 'the world' and 'my world,' you understand the difference between logos and mythos.
and i came back afterward on the sled of the helicopter back.
arts,creativity,writing
and i was thinking of humpback whales breaching and dolphins.
but all that was about to change.
the first one belongs to those ethnic societies who believe that the state was necessarily tyrannous, so they didn't want to have anything to do with any centralized authority.
and the kind of simplistic solutions that we sometimes have, to think that doing everything by hand is going to be the solution, is really not morally justified.
and i didn't know what else to do. so i started to write poetry.
efficiency this is data through illumination -- it's first of all an illumination device.
that's your concern.
it can move from a fertilized egg to a spat, which is when they're floating through the water, and when they're ready to attach onto another oyster, to an adult male oyster or female oyster, in a number of weeks.
so then if you try to ask questions what's the surface of a cauliflower?
and he's a, you know, incredibly poor teashop worker, on the lowest rungs in the society.
i hope you will join me in this magic carpet ride, and touch children and be honest.
still here, child death per 1,000 on that axis.
compassion has many faces.
this is social mobility.
and you'd make these chairs.
what i want to do more generally is to get you thinking about the place of uncertainty and randomness and chance in our world, and how we react to that, and how well we do or don't think about it.
and that rover will be more kind of like a chemist.
this makes education unaffordable for many people.
but cars are really more than a passion of mine; they're quite literally in my blood.
surfaces can become porous.
then, after jesus died on the cross for our sins, on his way up to heaven he stopped by america and visited the nephites.
each of these cultures take time to downshift.
we've taken away the autonomy of this animal.
on this side, there's a different experience.
why? why are we looking up? is it because it's heaven?
i hate to argue with einstein, but if that which is most valuable in our life and our business actually can't be counted or valued, aren't we going to spend our lives just mired in measuring the mundane?
ines so why is prevalence still rising?
and you have to, first you have to convince yourself.
i mean, it's not my problem, it's your language after all.
here's one that's in prototyping by medtronic that's smaller than a penny.
makes it a lot easier to put a colony up there.
national geographic just did a roper study of 18 to 26 year olds in our country and in nine other industrialized countries.
so, that was noraida, and just like lorraine and everybody else you're meeting today, these are folks who are based on real people from my real life friends, neighbors, family members.
so, it's not a question of if, but a question of when peak oil will come upon us.
so i'm going to tell you a little story.
it uses x-rays, x-ray beams, that are rotating very fast around the human body.
that means about 190 miles per hour.
now, there's one way to interpret this, which is to say that emancipation and depression and recovery all have a lot of syllables.
the first law is two-colorability. you can color any crease pattern with just two colors without ever having the same color meeting.
i mean, there were people who were afraid to push doorbells, because there was electricity in there, and that was dangerous.
so, i'm 40 feet off the deck, which is like looking down at the top of your shoe, you know, and it's doing this in the ocean.
art,arts,data,visualizations
zk so now, when we dream up these concepts, it's important for us to make sure that they work from a technical standpoint.
right now, 95 percent of these nets are being bought by the u.n., and then given primarily to people around africa.
i want to find what? bagels. ok.
richard saul wurman i remember hearing him talk at penn.
after that the effect of evolution completely dissipates.
the spiral thread we call a solo hot spot.
now, one bit of science before we get into the visuals.
i came up with a few games.
we do this in a legitimized way only after our democracy has asked us to do so.
and i thought, maybe i'm on the right track, but it sort of lost its human quality.
how do we go from the metaphor to something more practical that we can really use every day?
well they are.
the bright stars correspond to little daggers on the rete.
you immerse yourself in the water, and a physical action backs up a philosophical idea.
by doing so, you will join us and countless others in what i truly believe is the greatest adventure ever taken, the ever-demanding journey of equality.
we have eight engines in this vehicle.
for those of you who aren't comfortable actually breaking the law, you can drive a car with your child.
he tried to negotiate syria and couldn't do it.
voice 1 say, mom, windows for radio means more enjoyment and greater ease of use for the whole family.
the latest i've read, seen, thought is that it's incredibly hard for them to do that.
now, let me give you an example of how it works.
right, the famous chinese character for picnic area.
and a focus group cannot do it.
there is plenty of beautiful things going on. there are angels around america doing great things in schools -- farm-to-school set-ups, garden set-ups, education -- there are amazing people doing this already.
no matter where on earth you live.
and if you appreciate that number, you can easily see there is huge potential for mis-wiring of the brain.
so was mother teresa.
and so this is the kind of thing we decided to do.
and also, colors, lighting, sound and effects can dynamically respond to your emotional state to heighten the experience that you're having, in real time.
we decided that we needed to put our money where our mouth is.
this morning, some of the speakers named the date when they found out about their condition.
what i remember today from this is that objects tell stories, so storytelling has been a really strong influence in my work.
in some cases, i know that many of you are involved in cross-cultural dialogues, you're involved in ideas of creativity and innovation.
the answer is, we respond to the feeling of security and not the reality.
we're human, that's what we do. it's one of our features.
but for the moment, that's the case.
but, as i was approaching the end of my water reserves, luckily, our courses were converging.
a lush, fresh-lipped blond, skin glowing gold, sprawls there, resplendent.
and when asked that question, they respond with 6,000 different voices.
if you do this, you get the last puzzle piece, which is water.
the junk food industry is really great at pressing our pleasure buttons and figuring out what's the most pleasurable.
if all the people who were talking over this period worked on a car together, it would be a joy, absolute joy.
and last but not least, you see this already has the ability to create events in order to generate operational budgets to overcome the building in fact performing to allow the company to overcome their biggest problem.
but first, i need to talk to you about a story, which is my story, about the story of this country that you're all here in today.
my left hemisphere -- our left hemisphere -- is a very different place.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjoederisihuntsthenextkillervirus.html
on the first round, people give about half of the money that they can.
i had so many surgeries to put my neck back together, to repair my heart a few times.
jimbo's idea was for nupedia.
but let me first begin by showing you some pictures of what this thing looks like.
because all of my best school friends were getting dolled up to get married with a lot of dowry, and here i was with a tennis racket and going to school and doing all kinds of extracurricular activities.
there's not much of it left.
the second challenge is the actual device for observing brainwaves.
and i like university professors, but you know, we shouldn't hold them up as the high-water mark of all human achievement.
dealing with other people demands a kind of flexibility that no set of rules can encompass.
you can do it in a beautiful place as well, like in a lake.
so it takes into account everything from the pitcher match-ups, to the weather, to the team records, in setting prices for the consumer.
but, if you were truly bold you could get it there, manufacture it, and it would be the most dramatic demonstration that you could do something worthwhile off this planet that has ever been done.
i told her, whenever i'm sad, my grandmother gives me karate chops.
and they begin an incredible ballet.
you're arab muslim living in iraq.
and that's where they do their experiments, and then the balloon, the payload, is brought down.
so, that's where we were at the end of about 15 months.
but what they can't deal with is anthropogenic stresses, human things, like this picture that shows a leatherback caught at night in a gill net.
you know -- and there is a lot -- there is a lot -- a lot has been going on since isaac newton and all that stuff happened.
this is people expanding debt, drawing down their savings, just to stay in the game.
now not you, not this talk, but that is generally true.
could you let me share my passion with you through my performance?
if there's one guy who loses all his bees because of a truck overhaul, everyone pitches in and gives 20 hives to help him replace those lost colonies.
it'll be more realer if she reads it.
and when you improve searchability, you actually take away the one advantage of print, which is serendipity.
so, i had to start on my own. so i moved to san francisco, and i started a little company, fuseproject.
you saw how huge it was, and to give you a sense for this -- because we've talked a lot about moore's law and making things small at this conference, so let's talk about making things large.
we're all very, very familiar with the internet.
they have these wacky, cool, crazy, brilliant ideas, and the whole room is just electrified with creative energy.
and i was born without my left hand -- right hand.
and for 13 years i kept clear of it. i wanted to be an english literature professor.
i'm going to use a word that pastor rick just used -- parents are stewards of their children.
that's a potential scenario if we fail to take this seriously.
you really don't have to worry about the audience suspending its sense of disbelief because, if you start with a talking shark, readers pretty much check their disbelief at the door.
and i'm going to try that right now.
so every month there are new graphics cards coming out, and here is a few of the latest ones from the vendors -- nvidia, ati, intel is out there as well.
but what you need to do is fan the flames of the revolution.
i did enjoy bono's comment linking haight-ashbury to silicon valley.
awful things will happen in this century, i'm absolutely sure.
when he does this, it's not, take your stradivarius and like jimi hendrix, smash it on the floor. it's not that.
and this is climate-proof.
no droning on at the chalkboard.
i learned this from a woman who survived auschwitz, one of the rare survivors.
it just takes a while. you've got to go through these phases and stuff, and if you're interrupted, you don't sleep well.
to have a conversation with it. to speak. to listen.
o.k., so, everyone has a computer.
if internet one was about pages, now it's about people.
theater awakens our senses and opens the door to our imagination.
so, these are signals that they leave in the rock record.
we do it every day, while reading novels, watching television or going to the movies.
you can't retrace the footsteps of abraham. it's too insecure.
she loves agriculture and wants to be a high school teacher.
i sent all the teachers away from my group of 10 year-old students.
this is how he wrote most of his mathematics.
you're in the gang for four years; you expect to die with about a 25 percent likelihood.
everybody knew the answer.
so for now, let's turn to the evidence for dark matter.
and you're like, actually, shut up
thank you so much.
i merely, most respectfully, return him the ticket.
1601
we already know where that passion is going.
biodiverse, low-nutrient, hard coral systems under multiple pressures of overfishing, unsustainable tourism, climate change.
but i'm trying to suggest that there is a huge opportunity open to us that was never open to us before.
architecture,cities,collaboration,design,energy,environment,green,technology
and she's desperate to find more evidence for the link.
and i gave the grandmother my business card.
and so my whole life then was dedicated to rotc and the military.
you've seen this in various forms, but maybe you haven't seen this one.
our location is saturated with evidence, and also with matter and energy.
and those quarter-million people are some of the poorest people in sao paolo.
human speech is an ingenious manipulation of our breath within the sound chamber of our mouth and respiratory system.
its oxygen consumption rate fell by tenfold.
and with the same dogged determination that my father had bred into me since i was such a child -- he taught me how to sail, knowing i could never see where i was going, i could never see the shore, and i couldn't see the sails, and i couldn't see the destination.
now, the question we're asking here is in terms of the outcome, in terms of the number of puzzles solved, will you in the driver's seat end up solving more puzzles, because you are in control, you could decide which tea you will choose, or would you be better off, in terms of the number of puzzles solved?
and we also use three laser range finders.
i started with a lot of loose ideas, roughly eight or nine years ago.
my reservations are principally about the moral hazard problem, and i don't really know how we can best avoid the moral hazard.
but by giving project teams and the clients who theyre working with permission to think with their hands, quite complex ideas can spring into life and go right through to execution much more easily.
i had written the university of montana two years earlier and said i'd like to go to school there.
this artist is gus weinmueller, and he's doing a project, a large project, called art for the peoples.
and again, closely related to inequality.
1039
you can move each finger. you can move your thumb, your wrist.
or find expensive components from discarded electronics?
we sell them, we kill them as embryos, we enslave them, we rape them.
i mean, you know, the music industry is imploding in front of our very eyes, and hollywood's worried as well.
if you try to weigh it -- of course it's very easy to weigh it, and when you eat it, the weight matters -- but suppose you try to measure its surface.
it was 25 minutes of absolute terror that thousands of people across the u.s. felt.
and i was in the bedroom. like i said, he had her in the bathroom and he -- he -- every time he hit her, she would fall.
so what we're able to do with this information is boil it down to hot spots, 4,000 deployments, a huge herculean task, 2,000 tags in an area, shown here for the first time, off the california coast, that appears to be a gathering place.
it's the -- it's produced by the quadro corporation of west virginia.
there's a lot of research and a lot of failure, trial and error -- i guess, more error -- that goes into each and every dish, so we don't always get it right, and it takes a while for us to be able to explain that to people.
well i don't have time to tell you about all the mathematics, but underlying this is the social networks, because this is a universal phenomenon.
i figured he was either really on to something, or he was one of these academic nutcases.
and finally the building -- this is the model.
matt ridley thank you, cynthia.
it's beginning to grow tremendously.
just wanted to say, hey guys.
cuttlefish. i love cuttlefish. this is a giant australian cuttlefish.
and a tiny distance away, there's another sheet, also three-dimensional, and they're separated by a gap.
those top-down schemes are alienating to just about everybody, even if you mean well when you build them.
like that. and then we get a little faster and a little faster and a little faster.
glamour doesn't have to be people.
you can take all kinds of curves, and they're all pointing up.
a harvested field of grain, with some grain in the corners, reminding me of the hebrew tradition that you may indeed harvest, but you must always leave some on the edges, just in case there's someone who has not had the share necessary for good nurture.
all marine mammals use sound for communication to stay in touch.
962
i got a call from a friend in phoenix.
and so the next -- over the next six decades, believe it or not, i've built a number of aircraft, with the goal of creating something that could do for you, or me, what the hummingbird does, and give you that flexibility.
there are many eyes to spot danger.
i'm going to argue today that the social media applications that we all know and love, or love to hate, are actually going to help free us from some of the absurd assumptions that we have as a society about gender.
in those days there was still countryside close to the city, farms, cornfields, cows; even not far from our building with its blurred brick and long shadowy hallway you could find tracts with hills and trees you could pretend were mountains and forests.
it is about the future of the freedom to be as social beings with each other, and the way information, knowledge and culture will be produced.
so slowly i began to realize that what started out as a rather playful attempt to try to annoy fruit flies might actually have some relevance to a human psychiatric disorder.
but like any basic research, when you're really forced to do things that are way beyond existing technology, you can get there with micro-technology, nanotechnology.
secondly, these metabolic materials have some of the properties of living systems, which means they can perform in similar ways.
that is a great tragedy -- which i'm carrying still with me and i hope that all of you will carry this with you -- that the profession still legitimizes publication of knowledge of people without attributing them by making them anonymous.
now, if we think about what just reducing the probability of human extinction by just one percentage point -- not very much -- so that's equivalent to 60 million lives saved, if we just count the currently living people, the current generation.
children,culture,education,parenting,student,youth
we copy this in the lab by outfitting cell culture systems with electrodes.
the critical innovation here is instead of our engineers, or our people saying which is the most relevant, we're going to go out and count what you, people out there on the web, for whatever reason -- vanity, pleasure -- produced links, and tied to each other. we're going to count those, and count them up.
the more light there is, the less you can see.
he said, i can't. this is the only thing i know, but i'll invent a machine, which will solve your problem.
after, there is people like me, who try to deserve to exist, and who are so ashamed to make this useless job, who try to do it in another way, and they try, i try, to not make the object for the object but for the result, for the profit for the human being, the person who will use it.
in the entire 50 years of television that we studied, seven of 10 shows ranked most highly for irreverence appeared on air during the vietnam war, five of the top-10 during the nixon administration.
boy the world peace game is serious.
astronomy,climate change,complexity,cosmos,future,leadership,science,social change,technology,universe
these progression dynamics are powerful and can be used in the real world.
what i'd like to do first is take you through a very brief helicopter ride of stunts and the stunts industry in the movies and in television, and show you how technology has started to interface with the physical skills of the stunt performer in a way that makes the stunts bigger and actually makes them safer than they've ever been before.
to address this, i, along with four friends, founded ambulance access for all, to promote life-support ambulance services in india.
steven johnson tours the ghost map
this is a visual of education inside the prison.
in fact, she indicated that if we would do that, not only would we have the joy of receiving the gratitude from the members of the extended family, but she said, even god will smile, and when god smiles, there is peace, and justice, and joy.
for instance, he has an appendix where he explains his choice of translations of different bible verses.
they took me to the police station, the basement of the police station. then they put me in a cell.
again of course that's what we do, both in a molecular way, and also in an outward way, but i think about the molecular stuff.
bl ok, so we're going to emotionally navigate.
what you're looking at here -- i went to bangladesh, so i started to move away from north america; i started to look at our world globally.
it can be for 20 or 30 minutes. we call that resting or benching.
thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen.
i mean romantic in the sense of, there are things larger and grander than us.
i'm not sure what the future of video games holds for our civilization.
the meaning of what we create in this world doesn't exist.
i study it because i think understanding it is critical to understanding life in the ocean where most bioluminescence occurs.
i'm sustaining on seventh year.
or it might be that it's just 30 or 40, and i doubt that it's several hundred.
and what we can do with our biology is going to shape our future and that of our children and that of their children -- whether we gain control over aging, whether we learn to protect ourselves from alzheimer's, and heart disease, and cancer.
you can't catch me.
and were only just beginning to grasp it.
but we can do something too.
so we would have a live website, that every single day of the 33 days, we would be blogging, telling stories of, you know, depleted ozone forcing us to cover our faces, or we will burn.
and as i sat there, i got very depressed.
and mother got time to read for me.
and it turns out that, in fact, the kind of network patterns of the outside world mimic a lot of the network patterns of the internal world of the human brain.
that's the land grant on the bottom half of the slide.
so obviously, as an economist, i'm deeply familiar with the fact that development, that openness to trade, is really good for developing countries.
because people say, bloody hell mate, i haven't got time to get fit.
and i grew up in this little farming town in northern nevada.
in fact, these images became the voices of protest themselves.
and in the middle of that war, i was 14 years old.
there are now over 200 formal transition projects.
it's a great place to start if you have questions.
stephen wolfram, creator of mathematica, talks about his quest to make all knowledge computational -- able to be searched, processed and manipulated. his new search engine, wolfram alpha, has no lesser goal than to model and explain the physics underlying the universe.
still juggling.
and just by changing the functions, then i can decide what's going to be transparent and what's going to be visible.
and we started exploring all kinds of other phenomena.
and actually, about a year or so ago, there was this promulgation of the idea of google flu trends, with respect to the flu, where by looking at people's searching behavior today, we could know where the flu -- what the status of the epidemic was today, what's the prevalence of the epidemic today.
for the first time in human history, talented students don't have to have their potential and their dreams written out of history by lousy teachers.
and so they helped the just one.
so as i go through this talk, i want you to imagine this gigantic machine. we heard those wonderful sounds of what this thing would have sounded like.
brain,culture,happiness,religion,society
so see what your intuition is here.
when you construe it as cause the mouse to have something, you're doing something to the mouse, and therefore you express it as, give the mouse the muffin.
do i shrink from thy caress?
so again, i am a believer in the expressive.
they pick three students out of the nation every year to get involved in international affairs, and so i won a full ride to georgetown and i've been there for four years. love it.
it's actually half the diameter.
zk now, it's important to understand what the unexpected properties are.
and its a good thing that there isnt, because if there were, then mother nature would have a problem how on earth do you get chimps to mate?
ok, here we go.
by combining tissue engineering techniques with microfluidics, the field is actually evolving towards just that, a model of the entire ecosystem of the body, complete with multiple organ systems to be able to test how a drug you might take for your blood pressure might affect your liver or an antidepressant might affect your heart.
we have enormous energy savings.
all right, let's take a poll, show of hands.
and checking the box takes effort.
it's that little voice in your head that's watching and saying, that's good. that's bad.
what we find out now is that it's probably coming from inside the earth.
this suggests that the same script, the indus script, could be used to write different languages.
it creates a very high peak power and it lets you do all kinds of interesting things; in particular, it lets you find hemozoin.
they weren't even allowed to form a party.
the game's just trying to get people to open about a million boxes, getting better and better stuff in them.
he said, i would approach this journey as a young child might approach a mud puddle.
julia sweeney has the talk
so, life has changed dramatically since i hear color, because color is almost everywhere, so the biggest change for example is going to an art gallery, i can listen to a picasso, for example. so it's like i'm going to a concert hall, because i can listen to the paintings.
well, it's been calculated a few degrees' rise in the earth's temperature would melt the polar ice caps.
what you'll see is that the rhythms of growth, of vegetation -- a subset of which is food on the continents -- is directly tied to the rhythms of the sea surface temperatures.
we found this last year.
469
i mean, the media was making it sound like were were dying.
right now, if we look at web queries, more than 80 percent of them get handled successfully the first time.
i'm going to talk about feasibility as well, of course.
come on. get up.
986
let's come up with a few ideas, test them, see which is working, go back, synthesize, and try to come up with a thing that works, and then we're able to scale with partners.
httpwww.ted.comtalksalwarbalasubramaniamsculptureofsubstanceandabsence.html
so we went out and found these dodgeball teams and infiltrated them.
i think ...
and he published it. it wasn't locked up and disappeared.
the photo was made when we were deep in the valley over there.
here we are normally; we're standing at the gas pump, and we're feeling kind of helpless.
and it's true; there are places on that island where you can encounter a new language in under a mile.
but the geneticist professor steve jones describes how unilever actually did solve this problem -- trial and error, variation and selection.
they looked all across the country, and discovered it couldn't necessarily be fraud, because it happened, you know, in different states, across different computer systems.
here's another project, which i think really emulates that.
and if you could actually stack up that many cups in real life, that's the size it would be.
but in the second session, they admitted already that they would never do this, what they are doing in these other countries, here in germany, or in the u.k., and so on.
news of this silly little story quickly spread through the school, and i earned my first nickname porkchop.
we said, well, what are you going to do with it?
well, we don't need, now, any more nobel prizes to know that farmers want a fair shake at the market and want to make money, just like everyone else.
now when we look at being able to slash our product use, slash our transportation use, slash our building energy use, all of that is great, but it still leaves something behind.
you know, so you can take comfort in the fact that this guy up here is a really really distant, but albeit evolutionary, relative.
when i was a kid -- i was about eight years old.
248
but what was cool was that the repercussions now for greenpeace was, they created an entire marketing campaign around it.
this unification model predicts the existence of these two new force particles, which should act a lot like the weak force, only weaker.
but for molecular programming, our question is, how many molecules do we need to put in that seed to get a cell phone?
it's ubiquitous and fairly cheap, and the tools to distribute it freely under open licenses has also never been cheaper or more ubiquitous.
so it's a very nice little device.
are you getting more drugs because you are spending more time and more money?
they were wrong. the kids' number one wish?
simultaneously, it needs to be calm.
1106
they have to, in 2005, have a distinct identity for all their models of cars.
if you were an educated child, you would know how to not only use the astrolabe, you would also know how to make an astrolabe.
and norway, sweden, denmark and finland now rank among the top six most competitive nations on earth, and they work the kind of hours that would make the average american weep with envy.
all knowledge of the english language and the english alphabet has been lost.
1619
we're developing robots, they call them sociable robots, that are specifically designed to be companions -- to the elderly, to our children, to us.
this is the great frontier.
and yes, by the way, it is fast food it's sloppy joes, it's burgers, it's wieners, it's pizzas, it's all of that stuff.
common ground is often very hard to find.
he doesn't.
because if you improve those things, then people are going to have an incentive to avoid aids on their own.
so this is all in your home kitchen.
and this is just showing this here -- this frozen tissue, and it's being cut.
and very, very difficult times.
now as you can imagine, this is not very popular with fourth-graders.
right? so this is the first example.
for ms. dewey, this isn't why she became a teacher.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdyandenapolithegreatpenguinrescue.html
you've been taken out of the gene pool.
his name was ben.
and i'd like to finish with one thought, which is that no one organization alone is going to save the ocean.
but over the past 10 or 20 years, what's happened is that services are being commoditized as well.
now it's understandable that this has all got intertwined over hundreds of years.
and it's with that thought that i'll end.
that just taking a field and banging all these things out isn't necessarily the most efficient way that they could work.
1629
i was able to use my elbow and my hand simultaneously.
but there was actually something else that happened in uganda in this period.
so we're starting to pay for things with money that we have.
this really seems to explain why barack obama did worse in this one part of the country.
and it's called the espresso book machine, and in about 10 minutes, you can press a button and make a book.
but in any event, by the end of this year, beginning of next year, we get to a stable equilibrium outcome.
in those days nobody had bank accounts, or american express cards, or hedge funds.
in the palace, just outside the quarters of the favorite concubines, there's an area called the gathering place of the djinn.
in my lifetime, imagine, 90 percent of the big fish have been killed.
i had requested slides, kind of adamantly, up till the -- pretty much, last few days, but was denied access to a slide projector.
it is an efficiency measure.
i said, what's wrong? he said, one problem, sir.
for example, if we'd had tedxparis 350 years ago, we would have talked about the military innovation of the day -- the massive vauban-style fortifications -- and we could have predicted a period of stability in the world or in europe.
that happens to be our cafeteria line.
now, let me recap.
then, you rip off the topsoil and get at that oily sand.
there are industrial applications.
and the basic objective of this work is not to just go out once and look at these individuals, but to establish thousands of individuals in these populations that we would monitor continuously on a regular basis.
and then canals were built, and with the same horseman and the same horse, you could carry ten times as much cargo.
and i'm working at all the energy i have to sort of communicate this message that we need preschool, we need head start, we need prenatal care.
even more worrying for the americans, in december 2008 the holiest of holies, the it systems of centcom, the central command managing the wars in iraq and afghanistan, may have been infiltrated by hackers who used these plain but infected usb keys.
of the 15 percent evaluated, 20 percent are classified as in peril, that is, in danger of extinction.
so -- and the best thing is they paid off and the check didn't bounce.
and yes, it's really fun, and yes, you should all go out and try it.
many countries have not developed inclusive schools, and so even children with a very mild disability are sent away to a residential special school, at age six or seven.
i'll show you in a moment, that's actually quite useful.
and i'm going to show you why.
and it was also the beginning of our discontent, because if you wanted to distill all of our experience since the paleolithic, it would come down to two words how and why.
i did quite a lot of research.
probably none. i think we're all darwinians.
this is the city hall over here somewhere, and the courthouse.
even the most durable and intactable buildings, like the pyramids of giza, are in bad shape when you look up close.
maybe the machinery is broken.
so, everything is not going to be up for grabs.
and then i went through this whole thing about, if you weren't going to get off this island, if nine days from now you were going to die, who would you call, what would you say, what would you do? one woman -- well, that night is when 911 happened -- one woman had come to the seminar and when she came there, her previous boyfriend had been kidnapped and murdered.
one of the things that is just -- i almost can't conceive it -- is the idea that the national news media hasn't picked this up at all, and this is the devastation of one of the most important ecosystems in north america.
anglo-americans, they did two and a half times more anagrams when they got to choose them, as compared to when it was chosen for them by miss smith or their mothers.
and we all do it no matter how powerful you are.
it undercuts self-righteousness, radically alters the tone and character of controversy, and enriches dramatically the possibilities for finding common ground.
in asia, the first country to be heavily infected was thailand -- they reached one to two percent.
the judge was not impressed to the tune of 10.9 million dollars.
wk yeah. i'm still thinking to work on energy.
i'm 50, and i don't have time to go back to school right now -- i'm too busy. so i need somebody who can put me on a quick catch-up course on how to do something like that, and lead me through the maze of how one does something like this.
the average depth at the top of it is about a mile and a half.
all right.
there was no fishing, there was no pollution, there was no coastal development, and the reef is on a full-bore recovery.
and this was the first thing she did.
we considered this to be one of the lead parts.
it's in your hands and my hands and those of our children.
woman be careful
but most of all, the norden bombsight required the bombardier to make visual contact with the target.
and somaly mam, a cambodian activist who fights passionately against child prostitution.
and so anytime i talk about what i do, i like to just quickly address the reason why bodies matter.
that somehow, if you use a computer, it's all mindless button-pushing, but if you do it by hand, it's all intellectual.
so this approach that we're taking for cancer prevention may also have an application for obesity.
ts it is the paint actually, makes it real.
if version 10 is coming out next week, there's no point in adding more functionality into version nine.
their humanity never seems to matter very much to us.
what about africa's population? the population isn't out of proportion to its area, but africa leads the world in deaths from often preventable causes malnutrition, simple infections and birth complications.
and i went to the it guys here and a gentleman mended my computer, and then he said, what are you doing here?
unfortunately, i cannot show their faces, neither can i disclose their true names, and that's because my fellow riders are juvenile inmates, offenders spending time in a correction facility about 20 minutes' ride from here -- well, like everything in israel.
so foxo turns on a lot of genes.
i can explain you. i shall try.
i also branded it, so i sold them for five times the normal cost.
the price performance, bandwidth, capacity of communications measured many different ways; wired, wireless is growing exponentially.
let me just say that every unsecured transaction is a good example of a prisoner's dilemma.
and of course that is finally what i believe architecture to be.
so it's the combination of these two things it's education and the type of neighbors that you have, which we'll talk about more in a moment.
in canada, we're now looking at one in 10 canadian children with asthma.
and he thought it would take another 18 years for somebody to win that.
so that's a ship.
and we saw about 35 alternations between open water and ice-covered water, between gravels and these plant sediments.
we are looking at the emergence of a car 2.0 -- a whole new market, a whole new business model.
nobody really knew how to make these little movies on the computer, but they were into it. and i asked them to put their own voice over it.
because you have felt me, i can feel myself again.
so people do not get used to handouts; they get used to nets.
we have 25 percent of our -- thank you -- 25 percent of our stuff is organic and local. we cook.
so basically, kids of all ages, like us.
it may be something that is perhaps more serious -- as i said, human rights in burma.
it's transparent. a certain amount of certainty gives the sense of a non-zero outcome.
the three plants are areca palm, mother-in-law's tongue and money plant.
this emerging economy really is helping the revival of the world economy.
what do any parent do?
you look outside you have all that beauty that you see, all that life that you see around you, and here we have intelligent people like you and i who are having a conversation here.
they not only recorded history; they helped change the course of history.
here is a pest, devastating pest, a spider mite, because it does a lot of webbing like a spider.
i see -- always, it stirs my heart -- a picture of dr. martin luther king, jr.
patient a square and a circle.
when we actually went and watched this procedure taking place -- and i'll explain this in a second -- it became very obvious that there was a human dimension to this that they really weren't recognizing.
so i said, i am dead, so i need to be born again.
open up entire portions for different kinds of events.
the most critical part of a rebreather is the oxygen sensors.
and we've been surprised to find, as young parents, that there are almost more taboos around parenting than there are around sex.
they're right at the center of the whole thing.
inventables water adventures dares you to launch yourself on a magnetically-levitating board down a waterslide so fast, so tall, that when you hit the bottom, it uses brakes to stop.
not only does it do that; if you took the genome -- that synthetic genome -- and you plugged it into a different critter, like yeast, you now turn that yeast into mycoplasma.
and in times of revolution or change like today, it is very important for independent media to have a voice.
that is coltan extraction, gold mining.
girl are you ready? audience yes
whereas nature tends to be small, and curved, and it bends and twists, and has legs instead, and appendages, and has many muscles and many, many sensors.
you go to the hotel and you check in. there's a lebanese.
i don't mean you shouldn't go to college, but not everybody needs to go and not everybody needs to go now.
or if you take an american reference, to the u.s. capitol building and you pack 3,000 capitol buildings into that block, it would be equivalent to how large that block was.
and so i put my books away, back in their suitcase, and i put them under my bed, and there they stayed for the rest of the summer.
einstein the parrot talks and squawks
but the most important thing was to train my mind to prepare myself for what was going to happen.
which actually helps you run the whole timers, and it lets you figure out what's going on.
when i tried my first trick, it looked like this.
bjarke ingels 3 warp-speed architecture tales
people laugh at me because, you know, i used to say that i used to meditate on mama cheney as my mom, when, of course, i was annoyed with him about all of his evil doings in iraq.
the truth will set you free -- that's what it says in the bible, and it's something that i want to live by, too.
it's not -- we tend to take our cameras out when we're doing awesome things.
thank you. shukran.
if you do what we've talked about, you listen for how people actually communicate in the tribes that you're in.
and the reason is, it's about appreciation and it's about contribution. you can only feel so much by yourself.
that he was in all these other locations as well, but experiencing them as separate individuals.
and that's really worth thinking about.
not that robots aren't useful and people can build robots.
and what would you say to, for example, the, you know, the parent of someone whose son is out serving the u.s. military, and he says, you know what, you've put up something that someone had an incentive to put out.
and so, i think for many reasons -- ecological, social, economic and perhaps even spiritual -- this has been a tremendous project and i'm really looking forward to not only myself and my students doing it, but also to promote and teach other scientists how to do this.
this is not beyond the grasp of ordinary people.
but look at this video.
so this is a huge challenge to the way we think creativity comes about.
that, to me, is the primary question about life.
you know, if i had gone back looking for an authority figure who could tell me if it would work or not, he would have said, no, it probably won't.
i called that project women are heroes.
ok, now. why does this thing smell of cut grass, ok?
so i turned to the teeming small creatures that can be held between the thumb and forefinger the little things that compose the foundation of our ecosystems, the little things, as i like to say, who run the world.
this is hermann goering.
and there's something nice about slides getting stuck.
and here is a little bit of the technology that's involved in that.
and yet, we've not got these rules.
well, there were two satellites which were particularly interesting.
i mean, you know, i mean, it's like my wife, jolene, her family's always saying, you know, you ever think he's just a born loser?
you know, bob's that berkeley techie type who started sybase.
this led me to starting a company called design within reach, a company dealing with simple forms, making good designers available to us, and also selling the personalities and character of the designers as well, and it seems to have worked.
but the fact remains that when someone wants to put a couple of speakers in their car, if they've got the otaku or they've heard from someone who does, they go ahead and they pick this.
it's one sided. it's a bottle whose inside is its outside.
this stuff is everywhere.
time passed, and they thought he had surely forgotten them, then as time passed, at the end of almost two years, they thought, well, perhaps our father has died.
so i looked at all of his drawings, more than 700, and looked for male portraits.
we could just re-label things.
we experience the world through a sequence of patterns, and we store them, and we recall them. and when we recall them, we match them up against reality, and we're making predictions all the time.
and if you want to enter flow from control, you have to increase the challenges.
there's only one granny who manages health and safety.
the head is good, body bad.
there's a coup government. there's a military government.
the very word terror is global.
we developed leonardo in collaboration with stan winston studio.
but it's not that straightforward.
if you teach a man to fish, you feed him for a lifetime.
we need to -- we need the advice of particle physicists to talk about particle physics and what should be done in particle physics, but we need some outside thinking and watchdogging of what's going on with these experiments.
so if i have to choose between those two, i would choose the right one because it's less variable.
and i thought that if pattern can unite these disparate elements, it can do just about anything.
they're not as true as they could be.
and, for sure, i haven't looked at the sky in the same way after spending an hour in there.
we're going to go through four value-shifts that we see driving new consumer behaviors, that offer new management principles.
walk around for four months with three wishes, and all the ideas will start to percolate up.
so evolution's trick is to make them beautiful, to have them exert a kind of magnetism to give you the pleasure of simply looking at them.
this family, sarita and her husband, bought a 15-dollar unit when they were living in a -- literally a three-walled lean-to with a corrugated iron roof.
so how would you run a whole country without oil?
about 25 percent are at stage two, saying, in effect, my life sucks.
now this quest started four billion years ago on planet earth.
just to benchmark that threshold, it's about the governance level of portugal in the mid 1980s.
you know, culture was born of the imagination, and the imagination -- the imagination as we know it -- came into being when our species descended from our progenitor, homo erectus, and, infused with consciousness, began a journey that would carry it to every corner of the habitable world.
the u.s. in the 1990s was borrowing against the growth of the terror, illegal and criminal economy.
women and children, especially the poor, are at the bottom.
but actually opening up the space to think about different ways of governing, different kinds of politics, and creating the space for civil society and businesses to operate differently -- absolutely vital.
this is at p.s. 1 -- a sculpture that's basically a square room by james turrell, that has a retractable ceiling.
with, you know, of course, there's the gravity brain.
while you're thinking about that, this was an experiment done by susan blackmore, a psychologist in england, who showed subjects this degraded image and then ran a correlation between their scores on an esp test how much did they believe in the paranormal, supernatural, angels and so forth.
there's a world of beauty and efficiency to explore here using nature as a design tool.
a very supportive friend of mine, a well-wisher of mine, used to give me every month, 2,000 rupees for vegetables.
a super value, in terms of their ability to ride in a car, to get that dignity, to get that safety, looks practically impossible, isn't it.
it was a psychiatrist. he loved sailing.
every single thing which you learned when you were serving in the british army, about speed and aggression, you put that to one side.
it's not geography.
these are people who were able to say consistently that the increase in development aid was making afghanistan less secure, not more secure -- that the counter-insurgency strategy was not working and would not work.
maybe the fact that he stayed up all night doing mathematics was the fact that he was such a bad shot that morning and got killed.
now what do those differences look like?
so we shouldn't dismiss this because it's an enormous opportunity to use these sorts of results, or these random loose trials from the last thousand years about what has impacts on our health.
rebecca saxe how we read each other's minds
1139
it's just all about questioning the preconceptions.
while setting up this shot, people on average would spend eight to 10 minutes having a lunch.
and one of the women was agnes -- there on your extreme left -- she was one of the first three women parliamentarians in rwanda, and her legacy should have been to be one of the mothers of rwanda.
and the average facebook user is creating 90 pieces of content each month.
when that was soiled, they were paid again to collect it.
this can be improved upon in so many ways so quickly.
it needs to be one smart puppy, able to navigate and make decisions on its own in an alien ocean.
i write about food. i write about cooking.
so, once again, mobile phone-shaped box, but this one, it has a breath and a heartbeat, and it feels very organic.
you feel deep, deep guilt.
and secondly, we know there's no difference between the boys who are going to be guards and the boys who are going to be prisoners.
and the surprise and just the amazement of that was only overshadowed by my return to toronto, when, in my inbox, 10 literary agents were waiting for me to talk about putting this into a book.
i am no historian, ladies and gentlemen.
and she's out there.
but actually, it's not my fault; it's from the guardian newspaper.
you have half of an idea, somebody else has the other half, and if you're in the right environment, they turn into something larger than the sum of their parts.
nuclear terrorism is possible -- it may be probable -- but is survivable.
due to the ballbot system, it has a very small footprint and it's also easy to move around.
this is filippino lippi's 1543 portrait of saint apollonia.
it's motion and emotion.
i call it the golden circle.
it's simply the proportion of the population who agree most people can be trusted.
so it's the test a mother gets when she comes in.
i got to tell you, it's such a great device though.
have you been watching the commercials?
now she had them look at them and do this ... laborious, which i thought for a long time, until she explained to me was to slow them down so they'll think.
and now put the lens over the galaxy, and what you'll find is that you'll see a ring, an einstein ring.
and i'm glad i'm a bee man and not a bat man, because there's no money to research the bat problems.
michael shermer thank you very much. thank you. thanks.
and that's where the three kids got arrested, and that's the grandmother of one of them.
it took from the stone age to achieve that.
economics,education,math,statistics
now we are reviewing the spectra of about 300 stars with extrasolar planets.
and, working on the idea that the cheapest electric toaster would also be the simplest to reverse-engineer, i went and bought the cheapest toaster i could find, took it home and was kind of dismayed to discover that, inside this object, which i'd bought for just 3.49 pounds, there were 400 different bits made out of a hundred-plus different materials.
and what happened was, to my luck, i saw a nuclear scientist at whose party i had done cartoons.
why do we suffer? it's an age-old question that we haven't answered.
so there were 66,000 of these.
and i use a heat mat to sit the bath on and a thermostat to regulate it.
we needed medicine.
neil gershenfeld on fab labs
we have a bunch of legos. so, as i said, this is a playground for adults, where they sit down and try to play with different shapes and different designs.
and i bought some crabs too right around there, and some chitlins at the safeway in emoryville.
if it wasn't able to stretch so much, then basically when an insect hit the web, it would just trampoline right off of it.
and the game is very simple.
mbi generates four images per breast.
but anyway, i got my suitcase of iron ore and dragged it back to london on the train, and then was faced with the problem okay, how do you make this rock into components for a toaster?
no, we speed them up, don't we? so we used to dial; now we speed dial.
one area turns on, and a big area shuts off, so that you're not inhibited, so that you're willing to make mistakes, so that you're not constantly shutting down all of these new generative impulses.
in fact, it's going to require twice the world's supply of oil to run the pumps to generate the water.
and we fight back, and it gets really ugly.
if a portion of a redwood is rotting, the redwood will send roots into its own form and draw nutrients out of itself as it falls apart.
behind the destruction, i found a soul of places.
one, on average, comes from europe.
i'm also guessing that most of you don't even speak chinese -- which is sort of sad if you think about it, as it's now the most represented language on the internet.
we discover that, for example, mental illnesses are amongst the leading causes of disability around the world.
al-batina is the hidden.
one of our problems is that world food production needs to increase very rapidly -- doubling by about 2030.
its modest nervous system consists of just 300 neurons.
he has to bury the people, ok?
it becomes very portable.
and there's a lovely rabbinic interpretation of the beginnings of creation, which says that when god created the world, god thought that it would be best to create the world only with the divine attribute of justice.
now, our compassion is supposed to be put in action.
the disinvestment that began in the 1960s set the stage for all the environmental injustices that were to come.
httpwww.ted.comtalksalgoreonavertingclimatecrisis.html
she gave up her life; she moved to juarez; she started to write the stories which documented the disappeared women.
but there's a problem.
these are some questions that we've yet to ask.
with artificial intelligence, not only have they not created artificial intelligence, they haven't yet created artificial stupidity.
if we go down the small pathway a little bit farther, we're entering the era of nanomedicine, the ability to make devices super small to the point where we can design red blood cells or microrobots that will monitor our blood system or immune system, or even those that might clear out the clots from our arteries.
jh because if the power went out, there would just be a big noise.
there's the world trade center site, on the front cover.
british mp rory stewart walked across afghanistan after 911, talking with citizens and warlords alike. now, a decade later, he asks why are western and coalition forces still fighting there? he shares lessons from past military interventions that worked -- bosnia, for instance -- and shows that humility and local expertise are the keys to success.
i asked them to take the examples that we were seeing of the info-graphics that existed in a lot of mass media, and take a look at what were the interesting components of it, and produce one for themselves of a different man-made disaster from american history.
so that's an asset because if you've got to deal with the crash protection issues of the automobile, forget it -- you're never going to fly it.
and let me show you my own sort of family history -- we made these graphs here.
i'd put out feelers to retailers, to auctioneers, and it was coming up empty.
you can imagine how excited they were.
and the chance that some of it isn't more intelligent than ours is also a remote idea.
so i was an early reader, and what i read were british and american children's books.
it's all in english.
we do not forgive. we do not forget.
i did what people from my kind of background were supposed to do.
but you don't leave them where you found them. okay?
and so with patient capital from acumen and other organizations, loans and investments that will go the long term with them, they built a low-cost housing development, about an hour outside nairobi central.
and it's a very dangerous question, because it leads you to the path of fundamentalism and violence.
this is where you'll find the fastest growing young populations of the world.
there's lots of cases where we have more than one work mashed together.
in germany, they made one small change without checking with me -- nor did they have to, because it was done through agencies -- but see if you can tell the difference.
yes, that geoffrey chaucer, in 1391, to his little lewis, his 11-year-old son.
the book-shaped dictionary is not going to be the only shape dictionaries come in. and it's not going to be the prototype for the shapes dictionaries come in.
we actually classify them as dinosaurs.
the cancer cells, small, round and rapidly dividing, grew these arms and extensions.
that's my story. thanks.
now this is when something really bizarre happens.
and this is quite a good way of doing it.
why are they doing that? because they expect investment to follow.
you might have them start paying attention to price, paying attention to how much they buy -- sort of keeping track of their monkey token, as it were.
now the day after we arrived, a new crisis began to unfold.
httpwww.ted.comtalkskarymullisonwhatscientistsdo.html
so, about two and a half hours of the day we could collect with a stationary component.
but this one's kind of cool.
anyone who's followed politics can testify to how hard that is for some people to get.
it weighs 1,250 kilograms and the only exercise i get is opening and closing it.
i set up a website because i was getting so many questions about molas and sunfish.
and then i creep up to the point that i get a score of 79, which is just below average.
i only found out last year, at a conference on the isle of man, just how unusual it is to live somewhere where basking sharks regularly, frequently and predictably come to the surface to bask.
in the art of today, we become scientists.
and you let a few million of them out at a time.
this buttress is less than halfway up the tree.
so amanda, when you first started using this arm, how long did it take to use it?
we dabbled and babbled, denying our thirsts.
i thank you for your attention.
this is their newspaper, the straight-up news, that has an ongoing column from mayor gavin newsom in both languages -- english and spanish.
then this occasional compassion, we are not talking about -- it will never remain occasional.
there's basically a giant pathway in the sky between london and new york.
and it's not just because they're being forced to do so in school.
so in this case, if you look carefully, most of the arrows flow from right to left.
now, we may have the political will to do this in the u.s., but i've got to tell you, we've got only one atmosphere, and so somehow we're going to have to find the political will to do this all around the world. the wild card in this deck is china.
but you're boxed in, if you can only do it up and down that way.
if you don't know any english, you can't access it.
you have to be careful about who you're shooting at.
the biggest employer is the purdue chicken processing plant.
there is no reason that architecture should shy away and present this illusory world of the simple.
well, it turns out biology has this other very interesting meme, that you can take a linear string, which is a convenient thing to copy, and you can fold that into an arbitrarily complex 3d structure.
you get to tell the story on blake's behalf, on behalf of the people who got the shoes.
and that's exactly what they do.
this is light over density, pulls the material around in.
that is all aid can be.
i joined the indian police service as a tough woman, a woman with indefatigable stamina, because i used to run for my tennis titles, etc.
httpwww.ted.comtalksroneglashonafricanfractals.html
but he comes up with that, you know.
and so here i had this theory, and i wrote books about it -- financial prices increments.
when they point right back, the horse is fearful or angry, depending upon what's going on in front of him, around him.
and that's quite a thought.
we don't want one icon.
and then she says, not one of our girls.
then i got the words new and old and now i had regressed back to a point where there seemed to be no return.
those of you from northern india will be familiar with this.
and if you look at the name of one of those streets, bread street, you can tell what was going on there 300 years ago.
how could we possibly go to the balcony?
africa was gripped by poverty, disease and war.
it's me, or, more grammatically correctly, it is i, as we might say in english.
it's where i really getting passion with what i'm doing right up to now -- i'm standing in front of you -- doing botany and wildlife conservation.
one of the scariest things about the tsunami that i've not seen mentioned is the complete lack of information.
and then we decided to help people out of poverty, now that we got aids somewhat out of the way -- this time, not with government alone, but in cooperation with the business community.
i have also an audible altimeter.
so we stand today with a still fully armed nuclear arsenal among many countries around the world, but a very different set of circumstances.
it's real.
now that piece of music that we played at the start of this session had enshrined in its heart the theme, which is ted.
i said, english, mum.
how is it that this organism can be so large, and yet be one cell wall thick, whereas we have five or six skin layers that protect us?
and the logic's a little more subtle here.
and once they've done it, they can do it again, and they could work on getting it better.
and you know what changed his life? it was walking into one of these, a boys and girls club.
so, for example, we could use truckers' purchases of fuel.
it's very unfortunate that he passed away and he cannot see the success as i and my children see it today.
there may be some carbon in your breath from the dinosaurs.
so now suppose we test them all.
but not to worry.
httpwww.ted.comtalksanilananthaswamy.html
and i am reminded that throughout the world there are cultures with vast sums of knowledge in them, as potent as the micronesian navigators, that are going dismissed, that this is a testament to brilliant, brilliant technology and science and wisdom that is vanishing rapidly.
she told me this. she said, i walked out of auschwitz into life and i made a vow. and the vow was, i will never say anything that couldn't stand as the last thing i ever say.
and i also bought a laser cutter and started to fabricate within my own shop, kind of, large-scale building elements and models, where we could go directly to the tooling.
i am five times more likely to live within walking distance of a power plant or chemical facility -- which i do.
that's my feature film. king, murray won cannes film festival 1970 -- the only print i had.
and we've seen that repeatedly through this conference -- not just this year, but in past years.
the first one is we've targeted the intraspecies communication system.
she, it turns out, has a non-accredited correspondence course ph.d.
this is just for the united states of america. historical average for january is 31 degrees. last month was 39.5 degrees.
in each case, got the ministers, went through a lot of the stuff.
the good news is we are starting to recover materials from our end-of-life stuff and starting to recycle our end-of-life stuff, particularly in regions of the world like here in europe that have recycling policies in place that require that this stuff be recycled in a responsible manner.
and the third boy said, frank sent this.
first of all, when you form an institution, you take on a management problem, right?
so, from the perspective of engineering, we can ask goven that we know that motion is so important for the human visual system, can we use this as a recipe for constructing machine-based vision systems that can learn on their own, that don't need to be programmed by a human programmer?
so imagine we make a little cell.
and whenever he's daunted by an impossible situation to solve in this hard-to-manage city, instead of giving up, he looks at the picture and he says, if philippe can do that, i can do this, and he goes back to work.
so why is this relevant?
she wanted the control of her final moment, and she did it amazingly.
it could have been a train wreck.
the white dots are the probability wave that will show you where the electron is in any given point of time and space in this particular three-orbital configuration.
so we all have in our head the perfect house, the american dream, which is a house, the dream house.
a tremendous amount of ice has been let out of these valleys as it's retreated and deflated, gone back up valley.
and any psychologist will tell you that fear in the organism is linked to flight mechanism.
so we learned a few lessons in commercializing and making drybath available.
307
we have more trials planned for lung cancer, pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer and breast cancer.
when i was a very young child, i was extremely introverted and very much to myself.
i'll get, baby, just give me the frickin' tv guide.
it seems to me with this, that it was the opposite of that.
one of their most cherished dreams is to cheat death by that practice known as cryonics.
i paid about one million dollars for that machine.
we always argue a lot about the soundtrack, but in this case it was really easy to choose the song.
simple. romantic love is very simple.
now, there are a few relatively exotic galaxies.
and you may feel like this character, who is also just doing it for its own sake.
and i wanted to do something to help, but i always wondered, what could one person possibly do to make a difference?
but the thing is, i don't want to be a traffic cop.
when we think about how all this comes together, it's all about software, algorithms and math.
it's really very simple, but really very complicated.
sohio is on the axis here, and we followed the axis, and they're two kind of goalposts.
and i am going to show you multiple applications in the medical field that can be enabled just by focusing, physically focusing.
if you shoot a gun through the middle, nothing happens.
don't overdo the botox; nobody will think you're honest.
now you may be wondering what all this complexity looks like.
that's where we put our people in the mri machine.
and so, here, in the gulf of maine at 740 feet, i can name pretty much everything you're seeing there to the species level.
so be really careful to try and avoid the screw-ups that can undermine your brand.
many people think the lines on the map no longer matter, but parag khanna says they do. using maps of the past and present, he explains the root causes of border conflicts worldwide and proposes simple yet cunning solutions for each.
once we change those two things -- if you say the africans are poor and they need poverty reduction, you have the international cartel of good intentions moving onto the continent, with what?
so a little over a decade ago, two groups of physicists and astronomers set out to measure the rate at which the expansion of space was slowing down, ok.
i think donne wrote a poem about that.
i was the black atheist kid in the all-white catholic school run by nuns.
be prepared to be good neighbors.
that percentage, by the way, is about the same in the u.s. and germany and france.
you know.
and i found this old video.
the food they produce have been proven to cause cancer and other problems in lab animals, and people have been eating food produced this way since the 1990s.
they don't even attempt to corral the oil where it is most concentrated.
isn't that adorable?
it's the newton's laws, if you want, of particle physics.
we tend to see commonalities more than differences.
according to paul and anne ehrlich and a well-known environmental impact equation, impact -- a bad thing -- is the product of population, affluence and technology.
if you go to nuclear, you do get a big reduction, but it's not as much as with wind and concentrated solar.
if seti does nothing but change the perspective of humans on this planet, then it will be one of the most profound endeavors in history.
it perpetuates deficit spending.
you know? they don't imagine the person in the booth, typing it all.
demo,design,entertainment,gaming,technology
it turns out to be a fairly simple and small list, and we have gone in the relatively primitive technology direction.
he's like, good stuff, man. columbian. top of the line. top of the line.
this is normal science.
stateless. the guy who tried to help the stateless people his whole career.
1174
i'm going to finish up with a song of mine called weather systems.
the importance is that that technique has been democratized.
but nevertheless, the system has moved in a more liberal direction, moved in a more democratic direction.
you just want to cling onto this.
this work, which was published in nature, late 2009, after a number of years of analysis, led to the final proposition that we can only find nine planetary boundaries with which, under active stewardship, would allow ourselves to have a safe operating space.
it works really, really well.
this is some severe frostbite on the feet, severe frostbite on the nose.
so in order to do this, we've taken three different approaches to the intersection of design and education.
i've been playing ted for nearly a decade, and i've very rarely played any new songs of my own.
live performance, when it was incredibly successful, ended up in what is probably, acoustically, the worst sounding venues on the planet sports stadiums, basketball arenas and hockey arenas.
but i should say a few words about what's going on.
it was historical. could it work in afghanistan with unama and who and civil society, etc., etc., etc.?
the encyclopedia will quickly pay for itself in practical applications.
those of you who are indian or spent your childhood here, let me have a show of hands, who of you -- not yet, not yet
i've traveled a lot and nowhere else have i found the passion mexicans have.
that is your perceptual reality. the physical reality is that those two tiles are the same.
describe it. how happy did it make you?
i just did something i've never done before.
and then at night the idea is that it would be used as kind of a rave situation, where the people could cut loose, and the music and the lights, and everything.
so we've seen that we can change people's faces.
this is danny hillis, and he's figuring out a design problem.
she wanted to keep farming until she dies.
for three years, they were in hiding.
and reading that book made me reexamine that theory because i need to explain what i mean by that.
because, hey, if we're all living in ourselves and mistaking it for life, then we're devaluing and desensitizing life.
the peacock's magnificent tail is the most famous example of this.
and, of course, bad for me personally.
they name the condoms things like vive, to live or trust.
we can't solve all the problems by looking only at the oceans, but if we don't understand the fundamental life support system of this planet much more thoroughly than we do now, then the stresses that we will face, and that cody will face, and even nancy, who's going to live till she's 98, will have really problems coping.
narrator with a wingspan of 247 feet, this makes her larger than a boeing 747.
we're coming down, and we bring that truck that you just saw somewhere in here, in the financial district.
i believe, i believe it was president dwight d. eisenhower who said ...
acknowledging that god is unknown and unknowable by definition.
80
it can withstand a 400g shock. the robot has local intelligence it can flip itself over, can get itself into communication range, can go upstairs by itself, et cetera.
as they went from the first building to the second, each of them passed a man who was bent over and moaning, clearly in need. the question is did they stop to help?
what's interesting really about x-ray really is, if you think about it, is that that technology is used for looking for cancer or looking for drugs, or looking for contraband or whatever.
and by whom?
and my daughter, she was born in chile, and the grand-daughter was born in singapore, now the healthiest country on this earth.
there aren't enough examples of failures.
in the second world war, we needed to produce a lot of stuff.
you have to create internal partners. you have to access coalition partners.
i mean, technology, politics, business do change the world -- not always in a good way, but they do.
and he said, i'm not a psychopath.
and he insisted on beautiful music.
we became bald-bodied, oddly enough; for one reason or another, they didnt.
but each of these three objects has value above and beyond what it can do for you based on its history.
and i firmly believe that in the next 10 years tumor treating fields will be a weapon available to doctors and patients for all of these most-difficult-to-treat solid tumors.
if you calculated the actual time of access, it would work out to minutes per day, so that's not how it's happening.
and this polar bear stands over the husky, no claws extended, no fangs taking a look.
the fraction of those which get a first replicator.
this is the first time the public sees this as well, because we have been in stealth mode.
investing in women can unlock infinite potential around the globe. but how can women walk the line between western-style empowerment and traditional culture? kavita ramdas of the global fund for women talks about three encounters with powerful women who fight to make the world better -- while preserving the traditions that sustain them.
and the richest people over there -- there's one billion people -- and they live above what i call the air line, because they spend more than 80 a day on their consumption.
i mean, if you actually measure the temperature over a period -- i mean, the temperature has been measured now pretty carefully for about 50, 60 years -- longer than that it's been measured, but in really nice, precise ways, and records have been kept for 50 or 60 years, and in fact, the temperature hadn't really gone up.
and so that gives me an opportunity, because every design show that i curate kind of looks at a different world. and it's great, because it seems like every time i change jobs.
i had no idea how. i had no idea how you hire an elephant, get an elephant.
i know everything's fine.
and he thinks a robot has to be really slow.
i think, what will be the effect of the brush in the mouth?
and in this project we've developed a form of intelligent real-time subtitles.
i said, well, just short of 1.5.
so, the wind carries the sand onto the site and then it carries the redundant sand away from the structure for us.
the core institutions that were put in place in 1998 and their modifications in 2006 and 2008 were highly innovative and allowed all conflict parties to see their core concerns and demands addressed.
they talk about wanting lives of purpose and greater meaning.
and i used three criteria the first was, i thought i'd talk about real design within reach, design that's free, not design not quite within reach, as we're fondly known by our competition and competitors, but stuff that you can find on the streets, stuff that was free, stuff that was available to all people, and stuff that probably contains some other important messages.
i suppose it's fair to say that i am interested in the invention of self or selves.
it keeps also your brain working.
you do that, you give me your quick 15-second or 30-second intro, grab my attention.
he's been a collector all of his life, starting when he was four or five in the early 1960's.
i lost my right arm, but i'm a lefty.
oh, it's actually a really, really, important set of concepts.
it's as if it was reflected in the line through y.
i took a side trip to the american museum, and i never recovered.
the idea is that it's an image wholly constructed from its own history of being viewed by different people in an installation.
i'd spoken to all the experts.
in each one of those assessments that we write, we always tag on a summary, and the summary is written for a non-scientific audience.
this is where all your decision-making processes are going on.
this was due to a fundamental difference in our ideas about choice.
i'm a garbage man.
that is why we train police officers, we train judges, we train public prosecutors around the world.
so we decided, a bit fed-up with this world and also with the strong feeling in our stomach that this wasn't sustainable, to found a financial services firm based on our values, and we decided to incorporate feminine values into the world of finance.
they need this to work or their health system dies.
this is me with a camcorder on a phone going like this.
often it is the constraining or the back-to-the-wall situation that the hapless common man finds himself or herself in that leads him to pay a bribe.
is this a story-of-the-year, a story-of-the-decade or something more?
if you smoke, you damage your lung tissue, and then lung cancer arises.
it was a lack of ice -- open water.
they mobilized the whole community of le barn to go to chihuahua, where they organized a sit-in in the central park of the city.
they provide opportunities to be more physically active, as well as local economic development.
so this is the leaves in my yard, essentially.
cancer,food,medicine,science,technology
martin seligman on positive psychology
as an evolutionary biologist, i'd say this our brains have evolved to help us survive within the orders of magnitude of size and speed which our bodies operate at. we never evolved to navigate in the world of atoms.
what if we were to separate out metals from waste streams, small amounts of metals in water? that's what microbes do; they chelate metals out of water.
and under what situations, when would we see this pattern of results where the passenger is going to show better, more favorable outcomes compared to the driver?
i liked it. now, a little more difficult.
and the other thing is that people are simply not as scared of hiv as they were of aids, and rightly so.
more recently, the u.s. government revealed that in september 2008, more than 3 million people in the state of espirito santo in brazil were plunged into darkness, victims of a blackmail operation from cyber pirates.
now some of you will be wondering what marmite is.
some of them are smaller.
what we see, however, are two overlapping triangles.
we've completed now clinical trials in four mouse models of this disease.
so how on earth do we even see?
so, if we want to track something that was spreading through a network, what we ideally would like to do is to set up sensors on the central individuals within the network, including node a, monitor those people that are right there in the middle of the network, and somehow get an early detection of whatever it is that is spreading through the network.
one is, another characteristic of trickster is that the trickster has to walk this fine line.
that the place where, during an earthquake in 1954, this marine terrace was lifted up out of the ocean very quickly, and it was lifted up about six to seven meters.
some of them were very brilliant, some of them were, you know, ordinary people who would never claim to be intellectuals, but it was never about that.
so this actually has given rise to a really big internet meme that tens of thousands of people have participated in, which is called captcha art.
afghanistan, we know what a serious security problem afghanistan is for so many of us in the world.
hugo chavez did not invent the disaffected middle and lower class of venezuela. he merely led them.
your picture will be winging its way over the atlantic.
so facial expressions -- as i mentioned before in emotional experiences -- are actually designed to work out of the box with some sensitivity adjustments available for personalization.
neither one of those youngsters could shoot very well.
people need to know the harm that institutions cause to children, and the better alternatives that exist.
then they switched to a magnetic drum.
now we're experiencing one every week.
we genetically engineer bacteria.
this is what excites me.
and this does not lead to a paralyzing moral relativism.
and so it's perfect for something like that.
we're all hiv-positive.
i need to get some new ones because the last meet i was at, they were everywhere. you know, it's like a big -- it's come full circle.
if the universe is queerer than we can suppose, is it just because we've been naturally selected to suppose only what we needed to suppose in order to survive in the pleistocene of africa?
but they have 40 genera of parasites, and so we figured just one more parasite won't be too much of a problem.
then our mathematicians come along and said, there's this thing called a sphere, and the lines come together at the north and south pole.
httpwww.ted.comtalksmichaelpawlynusingnaturesgeniusinarchitecture.html
okay, so you have 30 minutes now to solve these 15 puzzles.
so now we are at a moment where the coming together of social justice as an idea and ecology as an idea, we finally can now see that they are really, at the end of the day, one idea.
and i started this piece, particularly with stories and narratives, and i was talking to one woman and that led to another woman and that led to another woman, and then i wrote those stories down and i put them out in front of other people.
it was only because of our passports.
well, in order to really understand how they do that you have to take off the hood, and look underneath and see what's going on.
jamie drummond let's crowdsource the world's goals
and we can't talk to her.
and that's a diptych. i do a lot of pairings to try and get the sense of scale in these places.
so what did he make of all this?
one provide care to children who are currently being deprived of treatment.
in an intimate talk, barry schwartz dives into the question how do we do the right thing? with help from collaborator kenneth sharpe, he shares stories that illustrate the difference between following the rules and truly choosing wisely.
you've heard in the past several years, the world is safer because saddam hussein is not in power.
i've been focusing now on the visual arts, but i want to give two examples from music.
so we wrapped this around a blob-like form, which is in the shape of a teddy bear, which was hanging from the ceiling.
he taught me all sorts of things about mechanical things.
one of the things that we also need to do, is we need to try to not kind of fool ourselves into thinking that you can have a green world, before you reduce the amount of oil that we use.
and len was wealthy enough to be able to afford a park avenue psychoanalyst, who for five years tried to find the sexual trauma that had somehow locked positive emotion inside of him.
if he beat, we will put him in jail, and we will call the eldest people.
because we instinctively find, or create, a pattern between the round shape and the round sound of bouba, and the spiky shape and the spiky sound of kiki.
we did it in three steps.
let's suppose there's a test for hiv -- the virus that causes aids -- and the test says the person has the disease.
i'll have to really rush through this. they're a set of experiments.
so here's some blue nest maintenance workers.
there they met children who are with a different standard and a different mindset, a totally different society.
the scientists were off watch and they came across incredible life forms.
here is our founding meeting.
when you go into spaces like this, you're directly accessing the past, because they sit untouched for decades.
know that china believes in the market and the state.
the first place this vaccine was used was in southern afghanistan, because it's in places like that where kids are going to benefit the most from technologies like this.
you've dissolved the barrier between you and other human beings.
so, she is pretty significant in size.
you can't not know who you are, so you cling to hard-matter identity.
again, it's a mobile phone-shaped box, and this one can change its shape.
multinationals are protecting human rights.
it ties in with small-scale farmers in terms of no pesticides, no fertilizers.
and we've been starting to make these available by going and offering shelf space on the net.
it is not being used in regular diagnostic imaging.
and this is an important moment, because we wanted to instill in the viewer an instinct to almost go and help, or save the subject.
what i'm searching for is a durable mutation -- that's what all of us are searching for.
with the erosion of the green belt separating animals from humans, we live in each other's viral environment.
i mean it's probably the wet dream for a heart surgeon to be able to go inside of the patient's heart before you actually do surgery, and do that with high-quality resolution data.
how did this great story unfold, the making of nano?
delivering the power and the bandwidth into the ocean will dramatically accelerate adaptation.
we live in an age of ubiquitous information, and sort of just add water expertise, but there's nothing that compares with the presentation of significant objects in a well-told narrative, what the curator does, the interpretation of a complex, esoteric subject, in a way that retains the integrity of the subject, that makes it -- unpacks it for a general audience.
in 1982, in the middle of the cold war in soviet siberia, a pipeline exploded with a burst of 3 kilotons, the equivalent of a fourth of the hiroshima bomb.
liz coleman's call to reinvent liberal arts education
one of them is kiki, one of them is buba.
that's the warm up.
this is on a log scale, and that's what superexponential growth means.
standard chartered has brought in 140 million.
and they will live for 15 or 20 years, continuing to lay eggs using the sperm from that original mating.
the dance community is now global.
which part of this don't you like?
we retreated in '98 back to something that was developed in '56. what?
do you have -- having been as physically involved in the site as you have been doing this project -- have any ideas about what should or shouldn't be done?
a third time, it's just being a technician.
and we're trying to not fall in the water.
but those subtle changes in your voice over a long period of time are hard for you or your spouse to notice until it becomes so extreme and your voice has become so quiet.
so that was a sort of a success.
so we're likely to end up with a very strong change in people's attitudes, and of course that has enormous implications.
one of them is that sally clark was innocent -- which is, a priori, overwhelmingly likely -- most mothers don't kill their children.
and a little kid from the back was like this.
i can probably count on my fingers the number of people in this room who do not use a mobile phone -- and where is aubrey, because i know he doesn't?
okay, number one is, we must teach physicians about the value of geographical information.
food is gold there.
well, he's right. i've had honest-to-goodness high blood pressure for a dozen years now, same age my father got it, and it's a real disease. it's not pre-hypertension, it's actual hypertension, high blood pressure.
the answer is, all the time
that's a limit imposed on the mass of stars.
you hear the traffic. all the senses are involved.
it's absolutely heartbreaking to see.
and all i can really do is hope, not to policymakers or politicians, because as much as i'd like to have faith that they read my words and do something, i don't delude myself.
the problems with having a theory is that your theory may be loaded with cognitive biases.
they're all made of the same stuff, but they want their shape to win.
so unless you happened to be a shareholder of one or the other organizations or one of the dealmakers or lawyers involved in the no-doubt lucrative activity, you're actually engaging in a huge piece of activity that meant absolutely bugger-all to anybody, okay?
they showed bloody gums.
you can always be changing colors, put aluminum paint, or i could put anything into this.
i'm in awe of their power in terms of imagination, in terms of technology, in terms of concept.
this is not just graphics.
if your economy grows with four percent, you ought to reduce child mortality four percent; if it's used well and people are really involved and can get the use of the resources in the way they want it.
chris farina is here today at his own cost.
well, there's a sense which i agree with him, except i think it has an evolutionary explanation.
and after one week, it's beating.
we'll utilize sport and football.
the moment these guys in ottawa, on a budget of 800,000 dollars a year, got cracking, 75 percent of all the reports in the world came from gphin, 25 percent of all the reports in the world came from all the other 180 nations.
people bring their own cooker, he attaches a valve and a steam pipe, and now he gives you espresso coffee.
and i always thought that my beginning was at the bowery poetry club, but it's possible that it was much earlier.
you get 17.
he believed that the crystal was the model for all kinds of representation.
and what happens is that we mix these strands together.
we always play a game at the office where you can take any article and find the same article where you just replace the words second life with web, and virtual reality with internet.
this second set of headlines -- you can see that families and marriages are starting to shift.
why should we do this as indians and pakistanis?
or about the millions of other nigerians who start businesses and sometimes fail, but continue to nurse ambition?
we've had a mom in utah who used them with her kids, to a science researcher in the u.k., and curriculum developers in hawaii.
that's how underpaid younger-aged people have to fold your t-shirt.
so that gives you an idea of the kinds of migrations and the speed with which -- this is just the taxis being built by volkswagen.
on october 4, 1957, they launched their rocket.
and you can imagine, the generator breaks down or runs out of fuel.
and the thing i'm really trying to do is enabling people to have more rich kinds of interactive experiences.
it's all about sensuality. it's all about touch.
better really hurry up.
and that, to me, was again something that i started building on, and i continued to build on.
but today it's most widely used in office buildings -- in the sprinkler system -- as a fire-suppression fluid.
and trying to attach this to things that were themselves attached to certain specific target zones, bacteria that we don't like.
and sometimes we make real plans.
it's a very holistic way of improving the lives of the people living in the villages around the park.
and finally, i think we have to do something that's not really -- it's almost unacceptable to say this -- which, we have to begin to design the future.
oh wait, it's on your side, barry.
in change and development and growth.
we're not talking about the harry potter end, right at the left side.
the simplest heat engine, or hot air engine, of all time would be this -- take a box, a steel canister, with a piston.
the patients who have a migraine preceded by an aura have a band of excited neurons -- that's shown in red -- that moves at three to five millimeters a minute towards the mid-brain.
give power to designers.
he was an actor. you saw him act.
and, in 1972, this nation began to establish a counterpart in the sea, national marine sanctuaries.
so these are sales teams in belgium.
httpwww.ted.comtalkskirkcitronandnowtherealnews.html
sun? no. well is there another name for a sunrise?
and eye meat is something different, something more fibrous, something more powerful, perhaps. but what could that be, eye meat?
to give you a sense of the experience, the article was called, i think you're fat.
we need to put another 40 years on him at this point.
in fact, they make their livings on this kind of stuff.
so i ask myself, how can i change? how can i change these things?
so what you see in this particular ambiguous figure is, of course, the dolphins, right?
httpwww.ted.comtalkspaulrothemunddetailsdnafolding.html
build creative clusters in cities; create more rd parks, so on and so forth.
this is a telecentro in sao paulo.
ron williamson. ron was convicted of the rape and murder of a barmaid at a club, and served 11 years of a death sentence.
people were making misjudgments all the time on her mood.
so if you were on mars -- sorry, on titan, you don't have to worry about four-dollar gasoline.
alice's daughter told me that every time alice went head-to-head with a fellow scientist, they made her think and think and think again.
the emergency generators did not start.
even as we have more tests and more drugs, we can't reach people; we don't have enough providers.
there was resistance for the old malaria drugs, until we got the new drugs.
bf nice show, daniel, nice show. you are the man
but the materiality matters too, because in every society that anthropologists have looked at, material stuff operates as a kind of language -- a language of goods, a symbolic language that we use to tell each other stories -- stories, for example, about how important we are.
because what a dictionary is, is it's victorian design merged with a little bit of modern propulsion.
and when they eat the seeds, their foie gras turns yellow.
now let me take you back to parol.
in the case of design, that means balancing desirability, what humans need, with technical feasibility, and economic viability.
and you have to watch and take care of each other.
and with the absence of photosynthesis you have no plant life, and as a result, you have very little animal life living in this underworld.
and perhaps most obviously, and perhaps most importantly -- and the path to concepts that we've heard about kind of illustrate this -- it needs infrastructure that can supply an uninterrupted source of electricity, of compressed oxygen and other medical supplies that are so critical to the functioning of this machine.
we learned it in college.
they're realizing that they have to take responsibility for what they do.
i think it would make a huge difference.
and it's actually in the machine.
httpwww.ted.comtalksshawnachorthehappysecrettobetterwork.html
they had doctors with the pst, you know, so, sitting there waiting.
and indeed, we now know why.
the first observation is something that you might think is quite obvious, and that's that our species, homo sapiens, is actually really, really smart -- like, ridiculously smart -- like you're all doing things that no other species on the planet does right now.
that's its great claim to fame, and i wanted to show it to you, not because i want to give you the kind of starbucks tour of historic england, but rather because the english coffeehouse was crucial to the development and spread of one of the great intellectual flowerings of the last 500 years, what we now call the enlightenment.
you may well have your own children and think, oh no, my child's best.
in fact, today in your capital, in difficult times, some who mind the nation's purse want to cut life-saving programs like the global fund.
and this is only done in four hours, 50 times faster than the current state of the art, at a cost that will be five to 500 times cheaper than the current options.
and so now we're playing back and forth.
we'll get rid of the ones that don't. -- when a politician campaigns on that platform, and more importantly, when voters like you and me are willing to vote for that kind of politician, then i will admit that it is obvious that trial and error works, and that -- thank you.
we need rapid diagnostics so that we can tell if somebody has a strain of flu which we have only identified very recently.
it has the power, potentially, to replace our fossil fuels, to revolutionize medicine, and to touch every aspect of our daily lives.
and so, you know, 390 percent approval rating ain't so bad.
nobody ever will. they're smaller than the wavelength of light.
nine days before ted2008, filmmaker david hoffman lost almost everything he owned in a fire that destroyed his home, office and 30 years of passionate collecting. he looks back at a life that's been wiped clean in an instant -- and looks forward.
while scientists regularly publish their latest research, we magicians do not like to share our methods and secrets.
because this is evolution, this is the natural ratio, unlike resistance, which happens in the case of chemicals.
and it's the same wherever you go.
and we have a pretty good idea, for most of them, why.
and the give one, get one program is really important because it got a lot of people absolutely interested.
i add mycelium to it, and then i inoculate the corncobs.
it's money that's invested in entrepreneurs who know their communities and are building solutions to healthcare, water, housing, alternative energy, thinking of low income people not as passive recipients of charity, but as individual customers, consumers, clients, people who want to make decisions in their own lives.
so, what's happened in brazil is, they've replaced 40 percent of the gasoline consumed by their automotive fleet with ethanol.
and that will fund the actual mission to go and get one.
so i've always liked this prototype picture.
i saw that the front lines of contemporary wars are not on isolated battlefields, but right where people live.
are there any people here under the age of 25?
and we have a little video that describes the sequence.
when faced with a parent suffering from alzheimer's, most of us respond with denial or extreme efforts at prevention. but global health expert and ted fellow alanna shaikh sees it differently. she's taking three concrete steps to prepare for the moment -- should it arrive -- when she herself gets alzheimer's disease.
and they're controlling basically everything that the nervous system has to do.
that was why i put it as a single point up there.
is this going to matter in 50 or 100 years?
and he says, it's not about a scientific rendering of a sheep.
and he goes, ahh, okay okay, eehto, world history, ehh, calculus, traditional japanese. and so on.
for this hundred-year-old fisherman it was continuing to catch fish for his family three times a week.
dan gillmor -- whose book we the media is included in the gift pack -- has talked about it as saying that, as a writer, he's recognized that his readers know more than he does.
so, it wasn't until the first guy shows up the next day, and they ask him, where did you get your number from?
actually, i realize fear of embarrassment drives me as much as any ambition.
why is 25 percent important?
it all boils down to two issues. one, humans are not rats, and two, despite our incredible similarities to one another, actually those tiny differences between you and i have huge impacts with how we metabolize drugs and how those drugs affect us.
there's that raptorial appendage -- there's the heel, and it's going to swing around and hit the load cell.
you know, one -- we have a very unique period in time today.
and at that period it was -- in a way, a number of things were happening.
so people would walking into the room and they'd almost ignore it, thinking it was some crap laying around.
for bankers, we'd be living off the principal, not the interest.
you can get a strong brand image or a message and put it out there like the conservative party did earlier this year with their election poster.
let me show you a couple of examples here.
and so, for example -- and it's a great second life thing -- i had a bedroom.
and there are 2,000 new homes being built next to this power station.
in short, when we're thinking like academics, we regard people as elaborate and complicated machines, like computers or cars, but when we revert to being human we behave more like basil fawlty, who, we remember, thrashed his car to teach it a lesson when it wouldn't start on gourmet night.
here i have to calculate, but actually, i don't like to calculate.
it's almost, do your homework, -- and you cannot do parachute reporting -- just jump into a country for two days and think that you've done your homework and a story.
the first thing to remember is that play is not anarchy.
now you can see it start. we're injecting the contrast into the organ into this decellularized liver.
there's no way of predicting the internet based on the first transistor.
you can get video annotations of the event that you're reading about you can get the latest sports scores etc.
it took me 45 minutes to get one inch down inside of that stack of cards.
and she was sitting there surrounded by books, and her most interesting possession she felt at that moment was her will, which she had by her side.
we have a grammar that suggests that's who we are; that we are sovereign subjects in nature, the bee as well as me.
storyteller carmen agra deedy spins a funny, wise and luminous tale of parents and kids, starring her cuban mother. settle in and enjoy the ride -- mama's driving
so these events in our recent past really are unique.
and if you're thinking of efficient information storage mechanisms, it may not turn out to be chips.
but why? what's at stake here? what does it matter?
it also, money often makes us feel very selfish and we do things only for ourselves.
and of course you might think that doing a film on happiness might not really be worthwhile.
so you go and you type in your phone number, and at the exact minute where you want to be called -- and at that moment your phone will ring.
i must know how many of the guys here have touched a sanitary pad?
ok, that was a pity. i would have told them it was the ace of spades.
for my thesis i actually built one of these out of paper.
i brought my wife with me, actually, to make sure i could get through this.
she came home, she took that chemistry set away, and we never saw it again.
which just, i hope in 100 years, people will look back and go, wow.
now, the thing about voice is, our experience with voice recognition is pretty awful, isn't it?
and i want to show you some of these examples.
this is called limit out.
the last parliament of our century opened with our president announcing to the country that this was the most important economic initiative for the country today.
so, if you measured them, they would be. and as i say, those two figures are identical in size and shape.
because that is where dignity really starts.
you can freeze half its heart. it regrows.
in the second group's scenario, the walls are alive and actually give dilbert a group hug.
and the choice of menu and timing is quite flexible.
so the early hip-hop guys would loop certain sections.
and it is detectable not just in amino acids.
originally, this was all solid with a hole in it.
air quality is an obvious thing to anyone who breathes.
i'm going to tell you two things today one is what we have lost, and two, a way to bring it back.
what the actor does with this information depends on its policy, which is stored in the strengths of the connection, between the odor detectors and the motors that power the fly's evasive actions.
the most impressive airplane ever, i believe, was designed only a dozen years after the first operational jet.
im are you freaking out? you look so cute.
keith chen could your language affect your ability to save money?
they are things that describe beauty in a way that is often only accessible if you understand the language and the syntax of the person who studies the subject in which truth and beauty is expressed.
so ...
it's the intent to treat curve.
we all know which side of these we'd like to be on.
fiorenzo omenetto shares 20+ astonishing new uses for silk, one of nature's most elegant materials -- in transmitting light, improving sustainability, adding strength and making medical leaps and bounds. on stage, he shows a few intriguing items made of the versatile stuff.
100 billion. how many can we see? five.
just south of the sahara we find the sahel.
they arrive first.
now we can in fact see where the data is going to.
this is the tate modern in london.
so what will happen now is what we call the big fill-up.
and the only purpose that these legs can serve, outside the context of the film, is to provoke the senses and ignite the imagination.
i said, i have no idea.
your ears are always on -- you have no ear lids.
well, it turns out it's precisely the same remarkable machinery that all off us have.
so i want to leave you with one last application.
these are unrelated machines, right?
there are emotions of the victims.
and then you can support us. that's the role of you guys.
i learned two really important things that day.
suppose we approximated one person with one book?
it's beyond our human perception to pick up a song of that duration.
it's about having food.
the issue isn't the accuracy of the bombs you have, it's how you use the bombs you have, and more importantly, whether you ought to use bombs at all.
we have a 28-year-old healthy woman, no travel history, unclear, doesn't smoke, doesn't drink.
it's significant to us.
you'll see that the photographer, of course, was not inside the cage here, so clearly the biologist is a little smarter than the photographer i guess.
i met her three years ago in kenya. and agnes was mutilated as a little girl, she was circumcised against her will when she was 10 years old, and she really made a decision that she didn't want this practice to continue anymore in her community.
sounds nice, but this can only buy time.
and i also thought there should be a nice prize for the best artwork for in my world. and what would happen -- it's a scalable thing. and if we can get people to put in things -- whether it's equipment, like a media lab, or money to make the prize significant enough -- and to open it up to all the schools that are public schools, or schools that are with kids that age, and make it a wide-open competition for them to go after those prizes and to submit them.
the fluctuations are a part in 100,000.
doesn't mean they don't eat meat, but lots of beans and nuts.
and what we don't often appreciate is the price that poor people pay for us to have these disposable products.
wherever there were people -- and you can see boats with the women, selling things -- here's the floating market selling bananas and crabs and also contraceptives -- wherever you find people, you'll find contraceptives in thailand.
you can see the detail.
this is part of a much larger program called the census of marine life, where they're going to be tagging all over the world and the mola's going to enter into that.
so the climbers were coming down along this route.
the problem is the spacecraft's largest diameter is nine feet; ares is 21-foot wingspan, 17 feet long.
this is a courtyard in europe, and a mixture of 124 different kinds of play.
singapore had twice the child mortality of sweden.
for me, that is the power of girls.
so there's a wall of ice a couple thousand feet deep going down to bedrock if the glacier's grounded on bedrock, and floating if it isn't.
that's just not acceptable to intelligent christians, and we must acknowledge it.
i moaned about it, i hesitated, i went on and on and on to my long-suffering wife, and eventually i decided to resign from the british foreign service.
but there is a second angle to that.
paul set out to photograph a relatively mysterious and unknown creature, and came back with not just a collection of photographs, but an amazing experience and a great story.
and you want to go towards iron if you want to get energy.
people can try and ban these things.
and it's killing bacteria. it's eating them.
in social, in education and in our business, don't value play.
each of these instructions appears with roughly the equal frequency.
and as he was diving, someone had stamped on his knee, and it had broken like this.
what you just heard are the interactions of barometric pressure, wind and temperature readings that were recorded of hurricane noel in 2007.
and many of the metaphors we use everyday are synesthetic.
bunker roy learning from a barefoot movement
one possibility is just kind of let the monkey financial system play out, you know, see if they start calling us for bailouts in a few years.
and this is how it works.
so, we pushed the piles down through the dune, and we create an initial bacterial surface.
and we've actually built a couple of these, and this is part of a larger robot made out of these cubes.
so this is what they were going to do in their trial.
after robert lang's talk on origami at ted2008, bruno bowden stepped onstage with a challenge -- he would fold one of lang's astonishingly complicated origami figures, blindfolded, in under 2 minutes. he's accompanied by the cellist rufus cappadocia.
so in a lecture-based class, half the students are above that level and half are below.
dean ornish at first for a long time, i wrote messages in notebooks.
and i believe this is going to prove true.
people say, are you going to bring risd into the future?
suddenly, degrees aren't worth anything. isn't that true?
but of course, lincoln was assassinated by a conspiracy.
but at the time, that was the largest molecule of a defined structure that had been made.
and i know that we can't all do exchange programs, and i can't force everybody to travel.
so, if we're trying to build organizations that are more innovative, we have to build spaces that -- strangely enough -- look a little bit more like this.
and this is why i'm telling you this civil society rose to the occasion.
these risks directly affect the sustainability of this nation and its continuity.
through this very simple process, we can create an astounding variety of forms.
and their aspiration now is, of course, to buy a bicycle, and then later on they would like to have a motorbike also.
i never have enough, even if i'm a billionaire, i don't have enough.
you know, we look down a dark alley or a jungle path, trying to make out a face or a creature.
if you google regret and tattoo, you will get 11.5 million hits.
because, well we know why.
in 1849, in that gold rush, they took over 700 million worth of gold out of california. it was very real.
and i'd heard that from the people who really understood what conflict was about.
i think that is too simplistic.
the art pieces are about the ideas and how they present them and do them, but the actual things have to be verifiable.
i'll give you a couple of more examples on irrational decision-making.
i get asked all of the time from people, is it possible to really design microbial ecosystems?
and in fact, the number of sites that are using recaptcha is so high that the number of words that we're digitizing per day is really, really large.
and you'll see there is a line, a faint line going across that image.
well, when i saw this in the front page of the times, i thought, great. finally something i can relate to.
that this woman is in england, and she lives -- she lived a life where she was talking about what she was doing.
my mission in life since i was a kid was, and is, to take the rest of you into space.
the cat likes this version better.
and that's 70 percent of the united states stock market, 70 percent of the operating system formerly known as your pension, and what could go wrong?
which means that, while we all have one biography, they have many.
this is something that we all are doing on a daily basis, whether we're aware of it or not.
so i salute each of you and your stellar achievements.
or to use the technical term for it, there's one born every minute.
how do you skim stones?
and this particular one is about cigarette addiction.
and within this structure, you see these two pinkish layers, which are actually the muscle.
now, all of these big things for love -- experiments -- aren't going to take off.
the other piece of good news, for a scientist at least, is that much remains to be discovered.
and the second part of the explanation is that she suffered an incredibly unlikely event.
httpwww.ted.comtalksthomasgoetzitstimetoredesignmedicaldata.html
so what i'm asking for is the creation of a new job title -- i'll come to this a little later -- and perhaps the addition of a new word into the english language.
and he told me that the best time of his life was when he was a member of the red brigades and he went sailing, every summer, back and forth from lebanon, where he would pick up soviet weapons from the plo, and then carry them all the way to sardinia where the other arms organization from europe would go and take their share of the arms.
there are six layers -- three layers of plastic, aluminum -- which are are sealed together.
they have needs which have to be met efficiently in terms of energy, in terms of cost, in terms of quality.
it's a letter.
palestine is something of a cartographic anomaly because it's two parts palestinian, one part israel.
i know that everything is connected, and the scar that runs the length of my torso is the markings of the earthquake.
this is what it looks like.
i can rearrange the fluxons, and it will be locked in this new configuration.
the first configuration is easy to understand.
they have a sad death rate of one to two children per woman.
there are approximately a hundred billion galaxies in the observable universe.
we go for modular units. units that have multi-modality functions have modular components. easy to repair, and because of that, we do not take things that are not durable and cannot last.
and as more of us move into cities, more of that natural world is being transformed into extraordinary landscapes like the one behind me -- it's soybean fields in mato grosso in brazil -- in order to feed us.
but if instead you bet that there is no god, then you can lose it all, in this life and the life to come.
if you take the 10 countries that went on to become the western empires, in 1500 they were really quite tiny -- five percent of the world's land surface, 16 percent of its population, maybe 20 percent of its income.
so we had to throw everything out the window and start from scratch.
and it is in the total of all those acts that the history of this generation will be written.
i went off on my own to become an artist, and i painted for 10 years, when i was offered a fulbright to india.
how did we become the only species that becomes more prosperous as it becomes more populous?
they wired them for lighting. so your -- your appliances would plug in.
in fact, if i just connect back to our lab systems through the web, we can see in real time just some kind of idea of how many viruses, how many new examples of malware we find every single day.
the bot, our rising celebrity, also has his own twitter account robotinthewild.
and i will tell you that what happened is through that shattering, listening to the stories of eight-year-old girls who had their insides eviscerated, who had guns and bayonets and things shoved inside them so they had holes, literally, inside them where their pee and poop came out of them.
these plants occur in great diversity, over 28,000 species around the world.
she didn't recognize me -- there was no recognition whatsoever.
if they come to water, they'll climb in, swim across it.
and when they finally hand you heartache, when they slip war and hatred under your door and offer you handouts on street-corners of cynicism and defeat, you tell them that they really ought to meet your mother.
i gave of my time and my money, i gave when solutions were on sale.
and they were great community leaders.
i mean, 50,000 blogs are started a day, and so my blog was just one of those 50,000.
i'm a storyteller.
so the next question is about partiality.
i mean, the great difficulty in europe is if you're at a meeting and 27 people speak, it takes a very very long time.
and the real tragedy was, if you look through her records, she had been seen in four or five other health care institutions in the preceding two years.
and the americans who are in the room, are you not afraid that your presidents are going to govern on the basis of what they said in the primary elections?
i'd like you all in the audience now to push your lower jaw forward.
don't you want to look?
it's real slavery in exactly the same way that slavery would be recognized throughout all of human history.
and i didn't give the talk always. you did, and we had to watch you, and so forth.
only about 22 percent of tribes are at stage four, oriented by our values, saying we're great.
you all probably intended to wake up, i don't know, 630, 7 a.m.
it's 2,200 people in the year 2000.
when a neutrino hits a water molecule it emits a kind of blue light, a flash of blue light, and by looking for this blue light, you can essentially understand something about the neutrino and then, indirectly, something about the dark matter that might have created this neutrino.
just keep in mind -- because there are other people, including bill gates, who said, gee, you've got a real computer.
and where is that going to lead you to?
and these are always periods, ladies and gentlemen, accompanied by turbulence, and all too often by blood.
but behind the icon, there's complex code.
httpwww.ted.comtalksphilippestarckthinksdeepondesign.html
the data isn't gathered.
we're very hungry for fossil fuels too.
five students can be educated at aims for the cost of educating one in the u.s. or europe.
but another layer of representation was still introduced.
and i wonder what the point is and then i know, and i see that hy meyerowitz, rick meyerowitz's father, a dry-cleaning supply salesman from the bronx, won the charlie chaplin look-alike contest in 1931.
if we don't have fishing because these reefs are protected by law or their remoteness, this is great.
they generate the humus soils across the landmasses of earth.
that was the start of my journey to make this film, toxic baby.
and in fact, we are in the era of what i would call massive-passive data collection efforts.
bf here we go, i'm taking it.
so what happens when online criminals are caught?
i'm a fully paid-up member of that priesthood, and somewhere in here i have my designer glasses.
and this, to me, is a pretty classic manspace.
i think we can one-up the greeks and achieve something.
it's a powerful way of solving intractable problems using natural selection.
dean koontz built this fabulous home theater, which is -- i don't think accidentally -- in art deco style.
so you photograph that in exactly the same position, and then you can substitute in -- and that part does use photoshop -- just the edges.
and then as adults, we can take all those things that we learned when we were babies and children and actually put them to work to do things out there in the world.
i didn't tell tony that. i didn't tell the pilots that.
it doesn't have to be huge -- couple of tons, not that big -- and you park it near the asteroid.
dan koditschek put some steel nails -- very simple version -- on the robot, and here's rhex, now, going over those steel -- those rails. no problem
now, the example is something that i want to give you from the work that we ourselves do.
we'll fix it.
this is a shot of terminator, the movie.
for example is this evil?
my lady, it is my husband's child.
so how does it work?
i read sartre and socrates.
this is at about 60 feet or 18 meters, depth.
what we've done is we've pushed happiness over the cognitive horizon as a society.
what is our dream? how do we beat apple?
if you see somebody in the blue -- yeah, this guy -- he was a prisoner, and he was a teacher.
build -- run a special administrative zone.
you could drop an atom bomb on a city, and 30 years later it's surviving.
on this journey, i'd like to bring, apart from yourselves, a good friend, a stakeholder, who's always absent when we deal with the negotiations on environmental issues, a stakeholder who refuses to compromise -- planet earth.
i even did it when i was secretary of state.
i'm a himba.
it's not. i show you here some slides, some frames from the video, and at the last moment before he hits the glass, he puts his feet in front, and then he bangs against the glass.
this is a more detailed map.
we don't know, but what can we do?
so they just have these bench seats, and they strap the car seat and the seatbelt onto it.
but the thing about this is that every once in a while we divers can run into trouble, so i'm going to do a little thought experiment here.
so the donors have to stick with this situation for at least a decade.
what can we do in a case like chandler's?
but in another sense, it's an incredibly complicated object that we need relatively exotic physics to describe, and in some sense represents the breakdown of our physical understanding of the universe.
we want to expand this pattern using mathematics alone, and see if we can get our hands on the whole enchilada.
so there's a lot here at ted, and at other places, to celebrate.
so my parents encouraged me to do it. i left.
instead of deciding whether or not you believe in god, first you do something.
it's the only possible explanation of why humans, if they're very unlucky, can become grossly obese, in a way that would be totally impossible for any other primate, physically impossible.
and gradually, we hopefully move closer and closer to understanding the world.
turns out that they got to 28 percent after mailing every household in the country a letter begging people to join this organ donation program.
you're up all night. you're walking till dawn.
and, uncertain.
is it prey? is it predator? is it mate?
under a different load, it's a different structure. and you can actually exploit that by putting in a very small number of conducting fibers to actually make it a sensor.
they'd got a zero. i gave them a test.
i have a five-year-old son and a two-year-old daughter.
it's exciting and there's music playing all of the time and then suddenly it's over. and it's only taken five minutes.
more beautiful and rich than the real world around us.
they're even better models of environmental health, because not only the same mammalian biology, but they share your diet, largely.
the other point it's about taking responsibility.
this is with the fbi.
we have a strong association between the presence of this virus and a genetic mutation that's been linked to cancer.
entirely new requirement.
and this is less futuristic than it may sound.
they even arrived at answers, such as myths, that dominated their lives, yet bore almost no resemblance to the truth.
they were happy because the story survived, and that the world would keep on spinning.
no? yes? doesn't matter, it worked.
now, if i gave you this problem to do, you would all say, it's very simple.
the people on santee alley are not the ones who shop at gucci.
fatah, hamas and the popular front
there are starfish that can make light.
this here shows, on the y-axis, the increase in the probability that a person is obese given that a social contact of theirs is obese and, on the x-axis, the degrees of separation between the two people.
and i thought, i'm buggered if i'm going to spend the rest of my life lobbying for these crummy governments to do what needs to be done.
if we succeed, what will molecular programming look like?
he was in the army.
i've heard this dress actually sort of sounds like wind chimes as they walk through.
so that suggests that somewhere in these genes, somewhere in the dna, are genes for aging, genes that allow them to have different lifespans.
but i wanted to convey something to you.
you've got a regular seat for adults, and then you fold it down, and the kid sits on top, and it's integrated.
what i experienced as a child in that school in madrid is happening in the literary world today.
i belong to an internet discussion forum, an african internet discussion forum, and i asked them, i said, since 1960, we've had exactly 204 african heads of state, since 1960.
so, the thing about cancer is that it's a disease of the aged.
so what i did, like i said, come back to the glass.
we proved that most of the ammonia refrigeration tables are wrong.
humor relies on the traditions of a society.
in particular, it tells us why we see immorality.
this is nepal.
because good storytelling is all about emotional connection.
oh, by the way, if you think you're very far from some of this oil, 1000 meters below where you're all sitting is one of the largest producing oil fields in the world.
but there's also our sense of ourselves.
12th man if i was to go back to iraq and speak to the people, i'd have to bow down and kiss their feet.
we were creating visual imagery provoking human evolution.
culture,design,education,health,social change,technology
and i remember it as a true moment of happiness.
and what we found was that, instead of getting worse and worse, in many cases it could get better and better, and much more quickly than people had once realized.
very intriguing photograph.
this is opec's revenue, this green box here -- 780 billion a year.
to the second son, he left a third of the camels, and to the youngest son, he left a ninth of the camels.
dana no.
they also get entangled in fishing gear.
so, complete transparency will make a huge difference.
and this object knows, better than you and probably before you, what you really need.
so the first thing is that in children we see this same brain region, the right tpj, being used while children are thinking about other people.
it helped me realize something else during this project, is that recording that one second on a really bad day is extremely difficult.
so there is a strong belief that in places of poverty the death toll was far higher.
on the other hand, we don't seem to have been visited by aliens.
and i flew back to austria, packed my bags, and, another week later, i was again on my way to hong kong still superstitions and thinking, well, if that 'winner' billboard is still up, i'm going to have a good time working here.
so, if you look at a human genome, they consist of 3.2 billion of these base pairs. that's a lot.
there it ends.
the grand canyon is really simple.
the decipherment of these two scripts enabled these civilizations to speak to us again directly.
it wasn't his money, until he spent it. and then essentially he was in debt to the gang, and was sort of an indentured servant for a while.
we end up within these filter bubbles, as my friend eli pariser calls them, where we see the people we already know and the people who are similar to the people we already know.
so what did they do?
language seems to be really important here.
not any more than any other species.
you need to take one in your arms and look at it in the eyes for about five minutes before it does something.
cp you're lucky that this is not being streamed to them live right now.
absolutely.
xenophobia's on the rise. the trafficking of women and girls.
second, we took that lesson and tried to push it into our next project.
we can no longer pretend that we just speculate about politics, we need to look at this in a rigorous way.
what would you say to them?
grasslands created opportunities.
maybe, you know, for you to try to imagine this, these are films that are distributed directly in markets.
they dressed you up, they lined you up, and you smiled for the fucking camera like they told you to or you could kiss your birthday party goodbye.
so we could say, well, a new figure comes out ... let's see african debt.
there's no grid, there's no system, there's nothing set up in advance.
and it would change as the colony gets larger.
but you can see, even just intuit, from this map, that the harbor has dredged and flattened, and went from a rich, three-dimensional mosaic to flat muck in really a matter of years.
and people told me -- like these 36 views of the empire state building -- they told me, you're making artist books.
beauty,happiness,materials,science,technology
here is the preliminary result, which i can show because it's already been shown.
i drew funny pictures of my teachers -- -- and i passed them around.
of course, in this day and age, the trick is not to let each tree be obscured by that bush in washington that can get -- can get in the way.
bringing people face to face with our objects is a way of bringing them face to face with people across time, across space, whose lives may have been very different to our own, but who, like us, had hopes and dreams, frustrations and achievements in their lives. and i think this is a process that helps us better understand ourselves, helps us make better decisions about where we're going.
okay, people who say they're conservative, if they really wanted to be really conservative and really patriotic, they would tell these corporations to go to hell.
and the last point about the 99 noor stones is this.
why are you blaming the ham for being too big for the pan?
you cannot have a conscious mind if you don't have the interaction between the brain stem and the body.
now because we haven't fully processed this information, it's kind of coming back to us in our pop culture in these kind of weird and exaggerated ways, where you can see that the stereotypes are changing.
cool thing number two, you can grow any type of tissue out of them brain, heart, liver, you get the picture, but out of your cells.
every seven years, designer stefan sagmeister closes his new york studio for a yearlong sabbatical to rejuvenate and refresh their creative outlook. he explains the often overlooked value of time off and shows the innovative projects inspired by his time in bali.
so it is important, i think, to richard, and to me, that these ideas not be abused and misused.
we do exactly nothing to them until they're already two years old.
in fact, it was capable of doing everything we do today with computers, only really slowly.
the argument has always been made, and it will always be made, that we know enough about the universe.
so when i go in the room, i close the door.
i'm like, what's the word that means you know, like, when the sun, the moon and the earth are, like, all in a line?
as other countries become richer the demand for these pharmaceuticals is going to increase tremendously.
httpwww.ted.comtalkssebastianseung.html
473
so that's another project for nasa.
then when they degrade, what do you do with them?
i think the strategy we want to use is to not market to these people because they're really good at ignoring you.
in fact, one of the ways to make money in second life is to make really cool translators that you drag onto your body and they basically, kind of, pop up on your screen and allow you to use google or babel fish or one of the other online text translators to on-the-fly translate spoken -- i'm sorry -- typed text between individuals.
the first idea i'd like to suggest is that we all love music a great deal. it means a lot to us.
most of what we do is subconscious.
and last but not least the entire att performing arts center.
hospital sound is getting worse all the time.
and we need penguin experts to come train and supervise them.
my alma mater, mit, and i had this moment -- a kind of m. night shayamalan moment -- where i thought, whoa i have to do this.
as you can see, it has world class art, and it's all my taste because i raised all the money.
i give you congo, which was high, ghana -- lower. and kenya -- even lower.
what's more, they are able to walk upright for long distances.
he said, that's what flutes are for -- to be played well.
and so button by button, vertebrae by vertebrae, i built my way down.
right?
we felt that they were out of date.
and by the way, they don't always get the words right, because it's over the phone and all that.
chris anderson gave this talk in 2002, prior to taking over leadership of ted. founder richard saul wurman was leaving, and ted's future was in the balance. he seeks to persuade tedsters that what was then a for-profit conference had a secure future as an idea-based nonprofit endeavor.
even if you get your values from religion, even if you think that good and evil ultimately relate to conditions after death -- either to an eternity of happiness with god or an eternity of suffering in hell -- you are still concerned about consciousness and its changes.
because liberals reject three of these foundations.
and the film jurassic park actually really helped us.
if we could turn them off, then we could try and figure out what they're necessary for.
leadership training in google, for example, places a lot of emphasis on the inner qualities, such as self-awareness, self-mastery, empathy and compassion, because we believe that leadership begins with character.
we began with a small literacy class to read the koran, then a math class, then an english class, then computer classes.
the standard creationist argument -- there is only one; they all reduce to this one -- takes off from a statistical improbability.
but it's 60 years old.
lights glaring in off the street, and we had to hire a security guard and all these things.
and by looking at how the different color channels of the illumination, the red and the green and the blue, diffuse the light differently, we can come up with a way of shading the skin on the computer.
as you get further and further away from the pump, the deaths begin to grow less and less frequent.
i'm also working now with x-ray video.
i'd be like some kind of internet genius, and me, i'd like to upgrade to deity and maybe just like that -- pop -- i'd go wireless.
and this was complicated because we needed to take into account the fact that the network structure, the architecture of the ties, was changing across time.
and i'm going to show you two videos that have gotten a lot of attention recently that i think embody this philosophy.
recently i took my family -- we do these rather kind of nerdy mathematical trips, which my family love.
it is this legitimate, controlled use of the gun that has contributed greatly to the statistics of war, conflict and violence around the globe.
the one on the right is a pill bug -- pulls water out of air, does not drink fresh water.
checking him out ...
and those, for example, are anything you tell me that i know is not true.
scraps of men do not exist.
like my good friends, dean and maysoon, at the bottom of the screen, who, two years after 911, started a festival to change the way middle easterners are perceived in the world.
and he's brought the internet and satellite technology to the forest -- both so that people themselves could monitor the deforestation, but also that he could speak from the forest to the rest of the world.
it's incredibly difficult because it's highly inter-disciplinary.
and i said, well it's odd that you've learned of this as a noble kind of pursuit, but yeah, i know those guys.
the third fundamental issue that we have to recognize is that if we want to help the african people, we must know where the african people are.
pm so he's just spilled a plate of sausages on the floor, on the brand-new carpet.
people don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it, and what you do simply serves as the proof of what you believe.
let's imagine that you are really good at making arrowheads, but you're hopeless at making the wooden shafts with the flight feathers attached.
we've never had that before.
they're not being really strategic at all.
questions of good and evil, right and wrong are commonly thought unanswerable by science. but sam harris argues that science can -- and should -- be an authority on moral issues, shaping human values and setting out what constitutes a good life.
i spent half my life at our local hardware store during the months when we built these units originally.
right after the train crash, authorities literally wanted to cover up the train, bury the train.
you see, here's huck; he's an illiterate kid; he's had no schooling, but there's something in him.
and, by the way, this is the way in which we develop and formulate strategy within autodesk, in some of our organizations and some of our divisions.
so like johnny depp, and like 25 percent of americans between the ages of 16 and 50, i have a tattoo.
you say, it's about doing 10 of these questions, but another task is turning up to 20 classes on time, but another task is collaborating with other people, another task is showing you're working five times, another task is hitting this particular target.
and of course, most of you have had three meals today, and probably will continue to have after this event.
and with these keys, they may have been able to get inside centcom's systems, to see and hear everything, and maybe even infect some of them.
and the wonderful elation that we had when we finally completed it.
in the front, there are 10 ranches strung right along the base of the mountains using the water from the mountains.
but it's a very simple and easy technique.
we're blind to all frequencies outside that, unless we use instruments to help us.
one of the reasons i tell you about ants is because of my husband, who is in fact an ant taxonomist and when we got married, he promised to name an ant after me, which he did -- procryptocerus nalini, a canopy ant.
this is the vibrio fischeri molecule.
that was dangerous, all right.
but media abundance never works that way.
i'm an american, which means, generally, i ignore football unless it involves guys my size or bruno's size running into each other at extremely high speeds.
but in any investment decision, the key question is, what is my alternative investment?
and then while we were doing this, the shape of the bottle upside down reminded us of a y, and then we thought, well these words, why and why not, are probably the most important words that kids ask.
it more felt to be the case to me that i was being treated like a statue, and i was to sit in one place like a statue would.
it was made of cast iron.
and just remember, at very least tacitly, this is what we're teaching children as what they should be doing.
gordon brown on global ethic vs. national interest
and we, as now the elite, parents, librarians, professionals, whatever it is, a bunch of our activities are, in fact, in trying to get the best we have to offer within reach of those around us, or as broadly as we can.
with no employees.
and almost a kind of poltergeist effect.
girl 3 like the stock market, it goes up and down and stuff.
and every day we have a choice.
and we open the refrigerator and we feel that we decide what to eat.
the real key observation he made is that a free-flying wing can sweep through more sky and generate more power in a unit of time than a fixed-wing turbine.
and we put on one event in new york city, in the theater, and all these great actors came -- from susan sarandon, to glenn close, to whoopi goldberg -- and we did one performance on one evening, and that catalyzed this wave, this energy.
httpwww.ted.comtalkshelenfisherstudiesthebraininlove.html
i'm saying, where do they go when they're like me?
and what was god's will?
and one of his first clients was -- this is many years ago, back in the early '70s -- one of his first clients was pepsi.
now, during the cold war, that may have been a defensible position for the united states to take.
tackling social and environmental problems at the same time with the same solution yields great cost savings, wealth generation and national security.
just like there's benefits to animals, there's benefits to humans.
of these, two-thirds, 22 million are living in sub-saharan africa.
it is now possible -- will be possible, and if craig venter indeed comes today, he may tell you something about this -- to sequence the human genome for 40 million dollars by the end of this year.
they're working, or they're not part of the household.
education,global issues,innovation
and so in some ways, all you really need is a cloudbook.
eric topol says we'll soon use our smartphones to monitor our vital signs and chronic conditions. at tedmed, he highlights several of the most important wireless devices in medicine's future -- all helping to keep more of us out of hospital beds.
rates of depression carried on up, right across the western world.
the majority of the planet, aspiring for development, having the right for development, are in large aspiring for an unsustainable lifestyle, a momentous pressure.
now in order for us to really chew on information and do something with it, we have to engage at least two of those modalities, or we have to engage one of those modalities coupled with an emotional experience.
she was always saying things that made me stop and think, like, time may be a great healer, but it ain't no beauty specialist.
okay, with women, a lot of this is happening inside.
in virtually every case, when poor farmers are given a guaranteed market -- if you say, we will buy 300 metric tons of this.
we know much less about their treatment and the understanding of their basic mechanisms than we do about diseases of the body.
and when they're missing, it's a barrier.
so many of these devices really kind of focus on the ways in which we relate to ourselves.
in fact, i think it is a moral imperative that we open the space frontier.
and she said, well, if you got me a jeep, i could get around a lot faster.
a lot of us are very privileged.
and one day i was exploring this cul-de-sac hidden away a few streets away.
some of those stories are that somebody is just going to sort everything out for us.
httpwww.ted.comtalksarthurbenjamindoesmathemagic.html
i said, i'm designing newspapers.
but capitalizing on their enthusiasm, capitalizing on their energy means finishing the job that they started 20 years ago.
537
there is another part of the brain which is especially activated when one sees cartoons.
and this isn't something that you can quantify or track or measure, and we tend to undervalue things in society that we can't measure.
i know you've never heard of him, but just mark this day that someday you will hear of him, because he's really an amazing man.
and the most remarkable feat is that my hand actually stayed still long enough to do that.
do you know what this is, honey? child celery.
and they can handle water.
it is a genetic birthright that we have, like walking or speaking or seeing.
but we're always interested in multi-tiered levels of human interaction.
so wilkins said he thought it was the helix.
and that's what supports the object and keeps it stable.
so i ran this experiment recently for the korean broadcasting system.
now, you've heard about this in terms of nanotechnology.
she was diagnosed with a grapefruit-sized fibroid.
i was swallowing the bitterness, sitting here alone and watching them.
which is why the parasite is beginning to develop a resistance.
so again, these robots come really close together.
at 13, with only little english and being bullied at school, he escaped into a world of computers where he showed great technical ability, but he was soon being seduced by people on the internet.
well we were talking on the human mind this morning.
if i said to you that there is somebody behind the screen who is very very successful, certain ideas would immediately come to mind.
so, let's take a look.
and of course, we know it's all because of the -- all the ...
so definition number six is the north american definition of the word suck.
and not only that, when you cut emissions, you don't cut concentrations, because concentrations, the amount of co2 in the air, is the sum of emissions over time.
bottom, all 74.
and i realized that, when i'd left the country, free and fair elections in a democratic environment were a dream.
it's self-lit, you don't need any overhead lighting, so the neighbors don't complain about metal-halide lighting in their face.
so you can think of it as tent poles that actually raise the density of the entire city.
but they're very different types of memories.
the problem then becomes how do you take seventh- and eighth-graders to a talk about genocide and deal with the subject in a way that is responsible and respectful, and they know what to do with it.
it was really humbling to see for the first time, to really understand that even if i could have taken a magic wand and fixed everything, i probably would have gotten a lot wrong.
you want to be a little bit ahead of the competition, but not too far ahead.
climate change,culture,exploration,global issues,personal growth,potential,sports,technology
they actually are a fish that is endothermic -- powers through the ocean with warm muscles like a mammal.
probably not.
i wouldn't be surprised if you didn't understand anything.
once it's perceived, and someone brings it into their own mind, then there's a cycle that has been completed.
now, this explains the right-wing nonprofit creative commons.
and i think the environmental movement has to grow up and start to think about what progress is.
so tacare is a success.
so this is the space during tutoring hours.
the second main component of a closed-circuit rebreather is the gas system.
by the way, the netherlands is an interesting story.
this is from the city of lahore, which is around 300 kilometers south from abbottabad, where bin laden was caught.
but we don't really know.
sylvia browne is an exception in that she's the only professional psychic in the whole world that has accepted our challenge.
i never told anybody to lie, not a single time, never.
and what he said was, he wasn't so much afraid that he might die, but that he hadn't done the things that he wanted to with his life.
this is what these children are doing.
and after doing all of this dematerialization and reconfiguring of this, of these ingredients, we realized that it was pretty cool, because as we served it, we learned that the dish actually behaves like the real thing, where the cheese begins to melt.
and you know, it had this fragrant softness, and it smelled a little bit of linseed oil.
if this thing goes only three times as fast as walking -- three times -- a 30-minute walk becomes 10 minutes.
we're kind of like buds, but i'm also a male as well and he's -- kb he sees you as competition? senior keeper yeah, exactly.
what was the biggest selling drug of all time when it was introduced a few years ago?
she would look at you and very quietly, very softly say, it just happened.
how many say the best flute players?
but i didn't really fully understand what had happened to me at swarthmore.
lady lady, do not weep.
let us not repeat the mistake of iran, of the mosaddeq revolution.
so, in the opening days of 2009, a visionary president stood on the steps of the u.s. capitol and said, we cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass, that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve, that, as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself.
and the first words that i spoke were in washington, d.c., on the 20th anniversary of earth day.
it's impossible, of course, for your eyes to see themselves, but they seem to be trying.
and here's this, like, dirty, kind of, shoddy, kind of, dark computer room.
so, the first thing that is prioritized is politics.
they all come out with very much the same list.
you get two or three discrete locations.
the whole limb extends out. the body flexes backwards -- just a spectacular movement.
thank you.
so, it turns out we actually had this idea nine years ago, and that's about the time constant for how long it takes to do these kinds of things, so i think we made a lot of progress.
and i think one of the exciting things that is starting to happen now is that people from those fields are coming in.
again, opportunity to tackle markets to get that higher price.
everything else on there is a labor of love.
how to make it? it's simple.
this is where the village used to be.
and i had to say that i wished that various new york yankees players would break arms, legs and ankles -- -- so that the brooklyn dodgers could win their first world series.
he says that the conscious mind is this tiny rider on this giant elephant, the unconscious.
like, i love everything about this. it's amazing.
and i went to see one of these experiments, and this is actually -- you can barely see it, and the reason for that is it's entirely dark in there -- this is a cavern that was left behind by the miners who left this mine in 1960.
well then we hit a deep depression, and we seriously submerged the vehicle.
but that was interesting in itself. this is companies like vonage.
so if you're hungry, get up and eat.
majora carter 3 stories of local eco-entrepreneurship
that's what we get from technology all the time. that's why people leave villages and go into cities, is because they are always gravitating towards increased choices and possibilities.
and it was snowing that day.
the allosphere it's a three-story metal sphere in an echo-free chamber.
there's also been work done with monkeys.
it is love first.
things that don't have any wiring in them at all, we're learning how to include in these systems of notation and navigation.
they said, it's not a matter of money. this is a religious matter.
so when steve jobs talks to 50,000 people at his keynote, right, who are all tuned in from 130 countries watching his two-hour commercial -- that's the only thing keeping his company in business -- is that those 50,000 people care desperately enough to watch a two-hour commercial, and then tell their friends.
it got a little bit more rhythmic, a little bit more intense in response to how i responded to it.
now, fish like to stay close together, about a body length apart.
and another possibility is a technological possibility.
we tweak that a lot.
it's like a recession. so, there's a recession.
and so they also account for development of defective processing in a substantial population of children who are more limited, as a consequence, in their language abilities at an older age.
and here's the street or road leading to this building, which is 730 nizam block at allama iqbal town.
and the inconsistencies create, fundamentally, this last mile problem.
in this way -- in this way, i actually started to learn about nature.
ted fellows,art,creativity,humor,technology
why are we spending 135 billion?
so i'm going to show you a few of the projects that i've been working on over the last couple years that reflect on our lives and our systems.
so maybe it's every other week, or every week, once a week, afternoons no one can talk to each other.
we know we are what we eat.
pettengill was a 23-year-old vet who had planned to make the army a career, but then he got a severe back injury in iraq, and that forced him to take a medical discharge.
and last, i'm going to show you the example, the story of dusty the cat.
some estimates put the value of this industry at 250 million dollars.
and the same is starting to happen with hardware too.
disaster relief,energy,environment,oceans,oil,pollution
the middle two sections make up our limbic brains, and our limbic brains are responsible for all of our feelings, like trust and loyalty.
and some of them are mid-level employees at internet service providers around the world.
and whether you manually switch it or you do it in the software is to be seen.
what do these people have in common?
this is basically why we would bother to do it.
you can't roll a stop sign in cambridge without hitting a graduate student.
architecture,arts,culture,design,invention
we create things.
these are some of the images and the characters of the film.
so this is us climbing onto the trees and putting it up over the sayan valley in indonesia.
and once you've changed its state, it stays there until you change its state again.
and so i went about and made that sculpture, turning it out of solid bronze.
it's the universe in which these machines are now doing all these things, including changing biology.
dh thank you very much
i know where you guys are coming from.
here i was again, trying to figure out what to do.
but what is really cool is that we take our visual environment as inevitable. and it's not.
now i'm going to offer quickly several more principles that will be useful in organizing your education and career, or if you're teaching, how you might enhance your own teaching and counseling of young scientists.
because the actions of a nation state are neither confined to itself, nor is it sufficient for the nation state itself to control its own territory, because the effects outside the nation state are now beginning to affect what happens inside them.
you don't do book talks at ted, but i'm going to have just one slide about my book, because there is one message in it which i think this group really needs to hear.
we simply cannot store and maintain or recycle all our stuff.
it's got a lot of cells in it too, right?
but we haven't witnessed a big asteroid impact, so this is a type of neo-catastrophism, and it took about 20 years for the scientific establishment to finally come to grips yes, we were hit; and yes, the effects of that hit caused a major mass extinction.
even for the head of goldman sachs, at least in part.
i'm not trying to say we can't solve complicated problems in a complicated world.
because think about it an animal is a sensory-based thinker, not verbal -- thinks in pictures, thinks in sounds, thinks in smells.
and i can do all that kind of same stuff i showed you before.
and, ultimately, we actually all belong to only one tribe, to earthlings.
i went to visit kitty carlisle hart, and she is 96, and when i brought her a copy of the elements of style, she said she would treasure it.
my inability to swim has been one of my greatest humiliations and embarrassments.
and after a few days, depending upon temperature, the egg will hatch and the larva of this parasite will eat the aphid from the inside.
1535
we know now that they're capable of imitating behaviors that they see.
and this really got me excited because again, we found the same pattern the more people change, the more it affected the growth of their tumors.
and from all around as people started singing and answering back, he sang good news, good news chariot's coming.
would look at it.
so that's no great surprise.
he thought that space and time were explained by isaac newton -- they were absolute; they just stuck there forever.
bf oh, daniel.
they've been doing it for a million years; words were women's tools.
and thank you for being here, just showing up and changing the world with your ideas.
after exploring recently-abandoned buildings, i felt that everything could fall into ruins very fast your home, your office, a shopping mall, a church -- any man-made structures around you.
but until that day comes, we will have to make ideals and human failure meet somewhere in the middle.
it involves communicators to keep the funding high, to keep the visibility high, to tell the success stories.
maybe it's actually us that's designed badly.
women love to talk about their vaginas -- they do.
just think about that, you know, wander through your life thinking about this.
they did it within two or three degrees of the pole, to maintain similarity between continents.
it turns out that new media isn't necessarily helping us all that much.
this is how we've been taught in school.
and to win this game, all you have to do is see the reality that's in front of you as it really is. all right?
and what if i do this progression that the six-year-olds did of saying, ok, i'm going to increase the speed by two each time, and then i'm going to increase the distance by the speed each time?
i truly believe it's where dignity starts.
i can tell you the 19 degree thing was fantastic.
they combine all that.
the beauty of this research though is that no one is suggesting that women have to be thin to be happy; we just have to be thinner than our partners.
the japanese classes were not japanese instruction classes, per se.
the way we think, the way we behave, our operating system of behaving is broken.
so i hope to see more of that in the future, and hope online video distribution to be embraced by the research community.
we are going live to caracas to hear maestro abreu's ted prize wish.
879
internationally comparable data on life expectancy, on kids' maths and literacy scores, on infant mortality rates, homicide rates, proportion of the population in prison, teenage birthrates, levels of trust, obesity, mental illness -- which in standard diagnostic classification includes drug and alcohol addiction -- we put them all in one index.
and furthermore, it is the thought that counts.
how can one explain what one does at night in the lab, every single night?
i began talking with people who actually had been out to the gyre and were studying the plastic problem in the marine environment and upon doing so, i realized actually that cleaning it up would be a very small drop in the bucket relative to how much is being generated every day around the world, and that actually i needed to back up and look at the bigger picture.
i don't want to make this as a corporate entity.
now there are, of course, exceptions, wonderful, civilization-enhancing exceptions.
this world was actually extracted from the player's imagination.
so the point is, this a really interesting story.
but still, there was no sign in our images, or even in the huygens' images, of any large, open bodies of fluids.
i'm here today to talk about autonomous, flying beach balls.
child survival is the new green.
to conflicts, it would be u.n.'s peacekeeping forces, and so on.
well, obviously, when people die in the war, they are muslims, they are iraqis -- they're not americans.
i want people to see what's happening underwater, both the horror and the magic.
i said, hi, hesa. and he said, hi. i said, happy new year.
or is this research forever, or what?
and the thing is, is that this isn't google.
and you then say, there's an opportunity for making conversational movies. well, what does that mean?
and here you see a dead duck.
so i'm going to show you, we're going to play just for a second.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobinincescienceversuswonder.html
this must drive you crazy.
so, i want to start out with this beautiful picture from my childhood.
and when i strap just these little harnesses, this little wing, i really have the feeling of being a bird.
the answer is yes, and for the first time, it's my pleasure to be able to share two examples.
the journey from a small weather station on the north coast of siberia up to my final starting point, the edge of the pack ice, the coast of the arctic ocean, took about five hours, and if anyone watched fearless felix baumgartner going up, rather than just coming down, you'll appreciate the sense of apprehension, as i sat in a helicopter thundering north, and the sense, i think if anything, of impending doom.
it's pithy almost to the point of being meaningless, but it rings familiar and true, doesn't it?
but you know the object is just a pivot.
so again, we can see that price plays an enormous role in people's willingness to reduce their driving behavior.
they were consistently dug as limestone quarries and by the 18th century, the caving-in of some of these quarries posed safety threats, so the government ordered reinforcing of the existing quarries and dug new observation tunnels in order to monitor and map the whole place.
so, what if you could get your gas at a 10th the price?
we are very happy because we have the opportunity to have this angel in the world -- not only in our country, venezuela, but in our world.
i mean, how do they form? how do they operate?
and then eventually we realize it's getting annoying to talk about the skier in the lower left-hand side of the screen or the skier just above the mid line.
we had a big party at the end.
they have scissors in the classroom, but knives and forks? no.
the restaurants here -- the apartments and the theater, etc.
exactly what loaning means, i'm not quite sure.
so i think this one detail went past people really quick.
so i started asking myself the question how can we get leaders to start valuing the intangible?
and yet, the irony is, the only way we can ever do anything new is to step into that space.
that means each of you will contain on a cd your entire gene code.
once we can do it that small, it's a lot easier making them bigger.
right, of course. we shake it to erase, like this.
he was wrong.
possibilities about our ancestry, but not the probabilities that we're really looking for.
in general, and maybe, again, it's because i'm a tech entrepreneur, i look at things as platforms.
it's a condensable in the atmosphere, and so recognizing this circumstance brought to the fore a whole world of bizarre possibilities. you can have methane clouds, ok, and above those clouds, you have this hundreds of kilometers of haze, which prevent any sunlight from getting to the surface.
your iphone, your laptop, is much more handy than new york times on sunday.
we like the light that comes into the room, but in the middle of summer, all that heat is coming into the room that we're trying to keep cool.
and what myod essentially does is, it causes cells to differentiate into muscle cells. so this compound, myod, has been tested on a lot of different cell types and been shown to actually convert this variety of cell types into skeletal muscle cells.
it will depend on inspired leadership.
what i'm hoping is that they might just drift apart because their frequencies aren't perfectly the same.
and this is the drama of this world which many call globalized, is that asia, arabic countries, latin america, are much more ahead in being healthy, educated, having human resources than they are economically.
i realized my job was to awaken possibility in other people.
they flash up into my memory, just like google for pictures.
we've known about this problem for 50 years, depending on how you count it.
it's almost as if we're getting back to this starting point.
but it turns out that as we learn more about gene code and how to reprogram species, we may be able to close the gene gaps in deteriorate dna.
i am learning some basic origami. i can make a really great box.
evolution,math,physics,science,universe
turns out it wasn't so easy.
this is studios for artists.
i was raised on free to be you and me -- hip-hop -- not as many woohoos for hip-hop in the house.
alternative energy,business,design,energy,flight,invention,technology
so, compassion means to feel the feelings of others, and the human being actually is compassion.
everybody i am my connectome.
and, mostly because people never really ask you, and when they do, you don't really think they want to know the truth.
past the wonderful wall filled with the juxtaposition that i was talking about; beautiful carvings set into the walls above the neon ristorante sign, and so on.
jacqueline novogratz on patient capitalism
and i said, i know.
now mathematicians thought that was the only alternative.
and if we did our jobs well, you won't know that we were even involved.
so for 11 years, i conformed.
anyone?
but perhaps more surprisingly, the translations that we get from people using the site, even though they're just beginners, the translations that we get are as accurate as those of professional language translators, which is very surprising.
now, design thinking begins with what roger martin, the business school professor at the university of toronto, calls integrative thinking.
and i just updated these graphs.
jean-baptiste michel so how did we get to this conclusion?
know thyself, that is the journey of self-expression and self-realization that we are traveling.
and she said, you know, the poverty wasn't so bad. it was the humiliation and the embarrassment of it all.
but until now, our view of the universe has been disconnected and fragmented, and i think that many of the marvelous stories that nature has to tell us have fallen through the cracks. and that's changing.
in our louder and louder world, says sound expert julian treasure, we are losing our listening. in this short, fascinating talk, treasure shares five ways to re-tune your ears for conscious listening -- to other people and the world around you.
do you know where your grandparents were born?
here in uganda, development aid. here, time to invest; there, you can go for a holiday. it's a tremendous variation within africa which we rarely often make -- that it's equal everything.
another important point of these sand banks is that when it rains, the rainwater soaks down into the soil. so, it's gone.
and so i ask myself, i'm starting to ask myself now, even before this extreme dream gets achieved for me, i'm asking myself, and maybe i can ask you tonight too, to paraphrase the poet mary oliver, she says, so what is it, what is it you're doing, with this one wild and precious life of yours?
we're on the edge through a large part of the time.
my parents got me a tutor in french, and i still suck in french.
i like this one from the belgian field office, where we met in a roundabout, precisely because the roundabout iconified the headless social movement that informs much social transformation, as opposed to the top-down control of red light traffic intersections.
they start looking like planets.
i want to tell you two stories. both of them are in africa.
however, the engineers back in munich had taken on this kind of newtonian solution, and they were trying to find how many cup holders can dance on the head of a pin, and, you know, these really serious questions that are confronting the modern consumer.
and i believe that these three principles can be applied to solving some of the very tough problems that we face in the world today. thanks so much.
and if we could offer that person an education, they would be able to come up with the next big idea and make the world a better place for all of us.
when i did the experiment, when i did the test, after two months, the score was 76 percent.
violinist sirena huang gives a technically brilliant and emotionally nuanced performance. in a charming interlude, the 11-year-old praises the timeless design of her instrument.
and i want to talk about a girl that i just met recently in bukavu, who was impregnated by her rapist.
and this inspired in my mind a shift from transplanting whole organs to perhaps transplanting cells.
they just didn't think it was the right thing to do.
tod machover and dan ellsey play new music
it's 14 hours 58 minutes. who cares the last two minutes?
and i remember my very first patient in that series continued to tell me more history during what was meant to be the physical exam visit.
these were money taken out in suitcases or in containers, in cash of course.
so, here are just a few very simple scenes of the guy just being kicked.
we're seeing an entente cordiale between science and religion that five years ago i would not have believed, as the evangelical community has understood the desperate situation of global warming.
nothing says i love you like let me find somebody else i give a damn about.
you give it a pat behind the ears, and everything is all right again.
so they took their money and their projects to others who would serve them better.
so to cut the story short, i decided that i had to go back and do it.
i think there are accidental parents; there's no doubt about that.
that's not why i'm here.
it's this terrible simplification that there's one africa and things go on in one way in africa.
we are not only already using these things in animals, some of them we're already beginning to use on our own bodies.
here's another crowd in mecca.
by studying those twinkling lights though, we can learn about how stars and planets interact to form their own ecosystem and make habitats that are amenable to life.
one community in general has given more to help us than any other community.
and they had already started building the sewers in london, and they immediately went to this outbreak and they told everybody to start boiling their water.
the change in oxytocin predicted their feelings of empathy.
and in fact, there's a proposal on the table now for building number seven.
and throwing is a combination of analytical and physical skill, so it's very good for that kind of whole-body training.
so you can take a bacteria that really doesn't make these things at all, and if you could clamp these on it really well you have it taken off the street.
i want to share with you some ideas about the secret power of time, in a very short time.
and then a few other things started to dawn on me.
that the essence of what you're doing is you need ever-cheaper labor, and ever-faster machines.
there are lots of thing that the approach i take can predict, and there are some that it can't.
miraculously, as we asked these questions and started giving attention higher up the pyramid, what we found is we created more loyalty.
now i don't mean extra gills or something -- something we care about, like aging.
but since this was called risk taking, i'm doing somebody who i never do, because she's so unlikeable that one person actually came backstage and told me to take her out of the show she was in.
but i think he has given us this building and we feel all the time for him, that's why, he has given love for us.
wait, like, 20 years and then we'll be done.
ok, notice there's now a roof above us.
because there aren't enough ted logos around here.
metaphor matters because it creates expectations.
here is the plan.
my name is pauline ning, and first i want to tell you that i'm -- of course i am a member of the chinese community in new york.
so, you know, we live in a world that's subjected to ever more stringent child safety regulations.
if i know when i was young, that by killing an elephant, i'm destroying biodiversity, i would not have done it.
maybe we'll be lucky and discover some magic thing, but i don't think so.
you know, hero -- people's hero -- bringing this important light.
that is, they took drugs, got in trouble, went to jail.
so this is a computer program.
we are all in this together.
we can do it
it's a very good transcription. but a couple minutes after that, i got the text message version. now remember, a text message can only be 160 characters long.
and this was a group within this software company that was put in a different building.
when kids play tea party, or they play cops and robbers, theyre following a script that theyve agreed to.
young people would ask the most amazing questions.
it's not to create a technological solution, it's to seduce you into something that you can do, into something that will please you, something that will lift your spirits, something that will make you feel as if are in another world -- such as his nobu restaurant in new york, which is supposed to take you from the clutter of new york city to the simplicity of japan and the elegance of japanese tradition.
fw i have one of my own secrets in every book.
we weren't really aware that it would be so rich with sulfides, hydrogen sulfides.
who do you access in this transition space?
and i'll start out with a puzzle, the puzzle of indirect speech acts.
david is fearless of technology, and he is absolutely tenacious.
and, you know, my studio -- we've done it all the time.
the point being that they've developed cultural adaptation.
vusi mahlasela sings thula mama
well first see, if you put 125 billion dollars a year into a country like afghanistan where the entire revenue of the afghan state is one billion dollars a year, you drown everything.
if anybody want to help us this is what we need.
without provocation, suddenly she attacked, against her prime minister's orders, the next-door neighbor's oil fields.
and it was a dream. it was a wild dream to perform in an orchestra, to perform in the iconic walt disney concert hall in an orchestra conducted now by the famous gustavo dudamel, but much more importantly to me to be surrounded by musicians and mentors that became my new family, my new musical home.
rory sutherland life lessons from an ad man
it's a tiny, tiny thing.
and then, they learned how to read the letters for the code.
so the ideas and the narratives of al-qaeda come to your mind immediately.
and while we've never heard the sounds from space, we really should, in the next few years, start to turn up the volume on what's going on out there.
this has tremendous implications for our understanding of the evolution of human skin pigmentation.
now, brunel was working 100 years before the emergence of the design profession, but i think he was using design thinking to solve problems and to create world-changing innovations.
now comes the day of the walk.
but they never look like this.
and eventually president clinton, in 1996, convened a meeting at the white house, invited industry, human rights ngos, trade unions, the department of labor, got them all in a room and said, look, i don't want globalization to be a race to the bottom.
we don't need a reason.
i'm gever tulley.
you think i'll be able to drive it?
start terraforming mars. this is one of my favorite subjects.
it's odd. it has a battery.
maybe god isn't an agent like all of us are agents.
the worst part was that she had allodynia, the medical term for the phenomenon that i just illustrated with the feather and with the torch.
i had to tell them every little detail of everything.
now discontinuities are a nuisance, so in many studies of prices, one puts them aside.
speaking at a ted salon in london, economist martin jacques asks how do we in the west make sense of china and its phenomenal rise? the author of when china rules the world, he examines why the west often puzzles over the growing power of the chinese economy, and offers three building blocks for understanding what china is and will become.
and we will be just 10 billion in this world, if the poorest people get out of poverty, their children survive, they get access to family planning.
if you can cook, nothing can happen to you, because whatever you find, you will try to transform it.
who were these people who came before?
but i do that all the time.
and you don't have to be a mega-hero.
the era of the big surgeon, big incision had arrived, but at quite a cost, because they are saving lives, but not necessarily quality of life, because healthy people don't usually need surgery, and unhealthy people have a very hard time recovering from a cut like that.
the most dramatic changes will be the skyscraper type of new pyramids that will take place in china and in many other countries.
this is an idea for a gas-injected, one-piece polymer chair.
the reality of polio today is something very different.
and then i'm going to tell her.
it takes the codes of behavior and the codes of dress, and it makes it unexpected, and that's what elicits a laugh.
so this is the system that i'm talking about, off the west coast. it's coincident with the tectonic plate, the juan de fuca tectonic plate.
now we had a harvard professor here -- she was from harvard, i just wanted to mention and -- and she was actually a professor from harvard.
i'll hear things like an extra room in the house, the basement, the coffee shop, the library.
in the front, you see, actually, joe murray getting the patient ready for the transplant, while in the back room you see hartwell harrison, the chief of urology at harvard, actually harvesting the kidney.
and it is something which has several characteristics.
literally scrambling through what's called pressure ice -- the ice had been smashed up under the pressure of the currents of the ocean, the wind and the tides.
i first started really understanding this storytelling device when i was writing with bob peterson on finding nemo.
this privilege is called seigniorage.
these are just different cartoons.
so there's nothing going on that impresses me in washington on that plan, other than i'm trying to focus on that eight million 18-wheelers.
let's see.
ben kacyra ancient wonders captured in 3d
i found out that salt lake city and san francisco were different.
they weren't farmers, they were just getting rich for stuff coming out of the ground.
but what i'm saying is we could just make things a little bit better for ourselves if we looked at it in this very simple four-way approach.
so, in the end i begged a pack of post-it notes off a nurse.
to power the entire world with 50 percent wind, you would need about one percent of world land.
i like one of the definitions that alan kay has for technology.
i was frightened. we were frightened.
the key to heroism is two things.
i was just staggered by it.
and what i realized when i understood this -- and if you ask joel salatin what he is, he'll tell you he's not a chicken farmer, he's not a sheep farmer, he's not a cattle rancher; he's a grass farmer, because grass is really the keystone species of such a system -- is that, if you think about it, this completely contradicts the tragic idea of nature we hold in our heads, which is that for us to get what we want, nature is diminished.
apple undoubtedly brings this innovation to us early, but its time was approaching because its core technology had been evolving for decades.
and back in the early 20th century, the pursuit of powered man flight was like the dot com of the day.
it's like doing extra-vehicular activity in space, but at much greater distances, and at much greater physical peril.
now, my work began at the beginning.
i mean, she's seven. julie, there is no santa claus.
unfortunately it's made against the current form of h5n1.
i was a young man, and i had been dropping in and out of college.
he could have said, that's an amazing discovery, guys, and i will improve upon your technology, but he didn't.
almost all patients are incurable.
so here it is at projected build-out.
i'm a librarian, and what i'm trying to do is bring all of the works of knowledge to as many people as want to read it.
so those two things combined meant that a different kind of music worked best in these kind of halls.
and these tin particles were deposited on the tape heads and were crashing the tape heads.
and her mother, demeter, goddess of the earth, is sad, and makes it cold and barren.
and they collect the seeds. all over the world.
the idea behind her work was that at that time, everybody was saying you have to really divide your life.
and he turned to my mother, and he said, you haven't told her yet?
and you can see, they all follow the same line.
these were typically not solitary efforts. but no matter what, if you were a lawyer or a banker, people dropped what they were doing, no matter what skill set they had, to go pan for gold.
throughout the animal kingdom, for example ants. ants play.
the acid will ruin the gold plating.
so thanks very much.
it's absurd.
i need not remind you that this was david lynch's version of dune, in which all of the characters were sexy and deformed at the same time.
data,health,medicine,science,technology,visualizations
and the mayor of kuala lumpur said that, if this developer would give something that gave something back to the city, they would give them more gross floor area, buildable.
and i believed i could do it.
this might be what we end up with.
the equation is hidden there, z goes into z squared, plus c.
i wanted to make a sequel.
and that's the point when you start loving yourself.
in fact, i would stand for hours in the aisles of shops, reading all the names on all of the things.
because our acquisition of social learning would create a social and evolutionary dilemma, the resolution of which, it's fair to say, would determine not only the future course of our psychology, but the future course of the entire world.
and so for me, a mesh company, the classic mesh company, brings together these three things our ability to connect to each other -- most of us are walking around with these mobile devices that are gps-enabled and web-enabled -- allows us to find each other and find things in time and space.
instead, she felt more free, more free because she could wear whatever she wanted under the abaya.
they put this teeny-weeny little ad, about 10 characters long.
but i want you to try and think about what games could look like 10 years from now.
it doesn't make quite as much money as body humor i'm sure -- but nevertheless, what makes us treasure you and adore you.
and just -- i want him to understand what happens if she stays here.
that is what free gets you.
so thank you all and i love them.
1675
this is crystallized dna.
we actually ship more than twice as much of every form of information technology.
if we slow it down, they attach their feet at eight milliseconds, and detach them in 16 milliseconds.
and that rarely, if ever, caused anything like the scientific revolution.
the asian free trade zone, almost free trade zone, that's emerging now has a greater trade volume than trade across the pacific.
we can surely sort this out.
and those dolphin parts had a huge load of pcbs, dioxins and heavy metals.
if you could do all of them, you would have a very precise theory.
so this subject-object thing, is part of something i'm very interested in because this is why, frankly, i believe in political correctness.
spock.
so, examples like christopher wren's king's cross you can see that the structural forces of the vaulting get articulated as lines, so you're really actually seeing the expression of structural force and form.
the walls are made of absorptive surface, half absorptive, half reflective, which is not very good for concert sound.
aquecer-se ucked-fay.
and that is, i understand that optimists greatly outlive pessimists.
oh yeah, that's easier said than done.
and the second thing is confidence, that we can see how game-playing and reward structures make people braver, make them more willing to take risks, more willing to take on difficulty, harder to discourage.
these guys are using this very successfully.
how many of you know somebody who no matter what happens finds a way to get pissed off? how many know somebody like this?
five percent of our greenhouse gases are produced by mowing our lawns.
most scientists today subscribe to a mechanistic view of the mind we're the way we are because our brains are wired up as they are; our hormones are the way they are.
the masking tape will hold it.
no, i'm looking actually at a special version of powerpoint over here, which shows me the slides ahead, the slides behind, my notes from here, so i can see what's going on.
i'm going, my gosh i had never seen anything like this in my life
first, any scientific discovery has benign consequences as well as dangerous ones.
we don't borrow any energy from history.
and i'm going to take this blade of steel, and push it down through my body of blood and flesh, and prove to you that the seemingly impossible is possible.
with every picture, there are individuals who have full lives and stories that deserve to be told.
you can find out about the latest security incident.
but it has its limitations.
and there is whole chains of neurons around this room, talking to each other.
and the answer is zilch, exactly zero.
so, very interesting parallels between the biological and the engineering worlds. and interestingly, this turns out -- the stomatopod saddle turns out to be the first described biological hyperbolic paraboloid spring.
i'm not asking people to share nicely in the sandpit.
who knew about extension managers?
so the last mechanical turk project i'm going to talk to you about is called bicycle built for 2000.
i think this is particularly true if we think about the sort of -- i think whats very different about design is that we go through these two very distinctive modes of operation.
and he says, oh my god, my phantom is moving again. i don't believe this
tumbleweed rolls through the meeting room.
most schools in america spend less than 7,500 dollars a year teaching a child.
man i can probably do it.
you could neglect me.
we are not here to question the possible; we are here to challenge the impossible.
they sit on top of one another in the standard charge space.
i was actually crying during his presentation.
how do we think about complex systems in new ways?
one of them had been at 911 and lost his buddies on september 11th, and yet went in and risked his life in order to save sergio.
but also, if you have this belief and it creates a sense of fear, it leads to overreaction.
well, i decided to be neighbors to a place called rubbertown.
and so it's very difficult to get there, if you do it physically.
but those two very smart international censorship policies didn't prevent chinese social media from becoming a really public sphere, a pathway of public opinion and the nightmare of chinese officials.
there's a company here in san francisco called mr3 that is embedding mimics of the microbes' molecules on filters to mine waste streams.
and he was there, tito puente.
in tedistan, there are no borders, just connected spaces and unconnected spaces.
and the idea is very simple.
they don't know whether this person's hostile or not.
we emptied the ocean of the whales at that time.
the shield laws are our laws -- pretty much a patchwork of state laws -- that prevent a journalist from having to betray a source.
that sounds complicated, right?
and the strange thing -- folks, you may have noticed this too.
that's why pleo's soft and gentle and loving.
and when it's expired, using failsafe technology, the system will shut off, protecting the user.
but my favorite one was just when the hand was open, because i work with kids, and so all the time you're clapping and singing, so i was able to do that again, which was really good.
don't want it to leave me behind.
it is something that -- changes of nature.
i think the western tradition shows us one glorious alternative, and that is tragedy.
and i don't think that we should give up on beauty.
tremendous, tremendous use.
and so, whereas dr. oliver sacks has talked about how perhaps one person in a million actually has true synesthesia, where they hear colors or taste shapes, and things like this, phonaesthesia is something we can all experience to some extent.
it's that little bar there. he put his hand on the throttle.
so i didn't know any of this, and we got a presentation that had an agenda, looked like this.
because we all knew that just six years earlier, half as many penguins had been oiled and rescued and only half of them had survived.
eight years later, when he was a young man of 18, benki left the forest for the first time.
and you say, well, you know, how simple is that?
and in addition, i believe that every oiled animal deserves a second chance at life.
this was the winner of an international design award in, i think, 1966, something like that.
i'm not saying don't get kids to want to be lawyers.
it's just an experiment.
here's felix, i think. he's our alpha male; he's a kind of big guy.
and it's a little bit ironic that we set about to disrupt traditional education, and in doing so, we ended up making our online class much more like a traditional college class than other online classes.
right? coffee, at its core, is what?
and you may think that anesthetics work by sending you into some deep sleep, or by blocking your receptors so that you don't feel pain, but in fact most anesthetics don't work that way.
and we have now decided to go into africa.
so why is it that women get stronger as distances get longer?
for example, let's go with the centipede virus first.
it's only proper that you here at ted hear and see it first.
and so, you know, i talk to my friends and i go to plays where they're singing russian songs.
but more than a symptom, constant connection is changing the way people think of themselves.
oh, well -- men are more adulterous
the playful is therefore an important part of our quality as designer.
or, finally, are there some things in the universe so queer that no philosophy of beings, however godlike, could dream them?
so, we got games like brain age coming out for the nintendo ds, huge hit.
it wastes the body, but the mind remains intact.
it required that it was completely trivial that it takes 30 seconds to reserve a car, go get it, drive it.
i made a few changes, let go of some loose trappings of my old life, and through a bit of a leap of logic, decided to row across the atlantic ocean.
that's so easy anybody could become a surgeon, right?
first, the axis guys recorded a comedy central special that aired in the states, and it was getting great hits on youtube.
i visited with him a few years ago and he showed me his early work, and his early work had a resemblance to my early work.
so these symbols and these leaders come to your mind immediately.
for example, probably a lot of american christians don't think of themselves as being in a non-zero-sum relationship with muslims halfway around the world, but they really are, because if these muslims become happier and happier with their place in the world and feel that they have a place in it, that's good for americans, because there will be fewer terrorists to threaten american security.
and that's certainly how it seemed to me when i started this project.
what are the causes? well, it's an unintended consequence.
and he says to me willard, can you put my house on a pinhead?
this kind of cooking drove me to learn how to cook for myself.
americans train their whole lives to play spot the difference.
now, take a look at what a typical test looks like.
he went to work every day in an operating theater like this one, trying to deliver anesthesia and teach others how to do so using that same equipment that became so unreliable, and frankly unsafe, in his hospital.
five years ago i actually worked at nasa jpl during the summer as a faculty fellow.
i think that if i went out into the street now and i told people what was happening there, they would be shocked.
and for the men in these photographs, photography had been used to create a fantasy.
but my most important question was always the same.
you just have somebody off on the side with a hubcap ready to go.
and that is, you don't put water into a leaky bucket.
turns out the secret has to do with a form at the dmv.
two years later, she comes back with stage three c ovarian cancer.
i went to ambassador dobrynin, whom i knew very well.
we have to come and attack this problem with a focus, with an effort that actually says, we're going to go to zero before the world ends.
the last shots that i have deal with -- coming back to this theme of sidewalks, and i wanted to say something here about -- i'm, kind of, optimistic, you know.
let's begin by winding the timeline back 13.7 billion years, to the beginning of time.
and how much clout could they bring to bear if they chose to engage on the issue?
so, now we have, immediately, a real-time map showing where there are refugee camps -- rapidly became the best map to use if you're doing relief work in port-au-prince.
but, for the first time, we can actually address this, with brain simulation, and ask very systematic and rigorous questions, whether this theory could possibly be true.
and in fact, we can use data from all kinds of sources nowadays to do this.
astrolabes, like every technology, do evolve over time.
so, i looked a little further, and what i figured out was that he wasn't a nutcase.
so the question is will we respond to this or not?
bring that to mind, and now reflect on that and say, how did i come up that decision?
maybe we can give him a little bioluminescence here -- give him a headlight, maybe a brake light, turn signals.
or another analogy would be, a caterpillar has been turned into a butterfly.
the war in vietnam was raging; the civil rights movement was under way; and pictures had a powerful influence on me.
business,culture,education,entertainment,happiness,psychology,short talk,work
on the left-hand side, you see his original prosthesis, and he's using those switches to move little blocks from one box to the other.
i saw my geometry teacher in high school, mr. rucell's wry smile under his handlebar mustache.
and why is that? it's because that travel patterns are much less stable than you might think.
it turns out, almost every species in the upper parts of the ocean in warm parts of the world have these same photoreceptors, and use sunlight as the source of their energy and communication.
and by the way he convicted me as a plunderer of the earth.
2008 and 2009 were a little tougher.
is it even possible? what kinds of controls should we do?
now this is not very pleasant and comfortable.
she's obese before she even gets to primary school.
it's our romanticism. mu-ta-tion. we are mutants.
and so, this case report happened three weeks ago.
and the way you engineer this heart valve is the same strategy.
the chimps are actually interacting with each other through the computers.
you know an artist's first response to this is, who counted it? you know?
because we have been doing something right, and it sure would be good to find out what it is.
but more and more, in cases of dna profiling -- this is another one -- we expect juries, who are ordinary people -- and it's documented they're very bad at this -- we expect juries to be able to cope with the sorts of reasoning that goes on.
they shoot everything, every single thing that moves that's bigger than a small rat; they sun-dry it or smoke it.
some of the first things that people do is they make book readers that allow you to search inside the books, and that's kind of fun.
pm it is, for all of us, men and women, finding our ways of defining our roles, and doing them in ways that make a difference in the world and shape the future.
they have to go through their primary one, that's already awkward, and then they go through their second self's adolescence, and that's even more awkward because there's an actual history of what they've gone through online.
your efficiency goes down with more bounces, because you lose about 10 percent with each bounce, but this allowed us to collect light from a plus or minus 25 degree angle.
these are sandals.
this is a reverse view of things from the kind of traditional romantic view.
they are ruthless, they are honest, but they're full of energy and fun.
even though it's the fastest growing demographic in america, it's hard to reach 100.
an amazing story, and it happened first in africa.
the fermentation which started at stage three is continuing through all these other stages. again, developing more flavor.
you know, the big communist revolutions, russia and china and so forth.
alison jackson looks at celebrity
when you write the best-selling book in the world, it's tons and tons of money -- and it brought in a lot of attention, neither of which i wanted.
and this is how the world changed.
and the only way that rampaging mob coming down the street will stop is when they decide to stop and when they've had enough burning and killing.
but anyway, whether they say they're right or whatever, we have plenty of natural gas.
that is, the higher one's intelligence or educational level, the less one is likely to be religious.
and they had no idea about this request that she'd made of me.
they systematically get things wrong and in the same ways that we do.
and i said to myself, god, if it would destroy him to be called a girl, what are we then teaching him about girls?
it was mind-blowing.
it was an experimental education program.
first thing for my wife, and the most common thing i hear from my patients, particularly in the 40- to 80-year-old age group, 70-year-old age group, is they come in and say, hey, doc, isn't there just a shock absorber you can put in my knee?
fg you've all heard the frank lloyd wright story, when the woman called and said, mr. wright, i'm sitting on the couch and the water's pouring in on my head.
but, of course that's not the only thing about india that's spreading.
so, why is it so high? is it war?
we've seen that thinkcycle has enabled ngos in developing countries to put up problems to be solved by design students around the world, including something that's being used for tsunami relief right now it's a mechanism for rehydrating cholera victims that's so simple to use it, illiterates can be trained to use it.
and that's what i want everyone in here to feel like, the incredible hulk, at the end of this presentation.
go along with the video. look.
famine mostly is a rural event now.
would you like to close down the trial now, or should we wait until we have robust results?
now, another satellite also attracted a lot of attention, and that's titan. and the reason titan is particularly interesting, it's a satellite bigger than our moon, and it has an atmosphere.
so after putting together a grid of these cubes with tape -- -- michael hacked off the x-ray plate of a mammography machine that was about to be thrown out, and we attached the new detector, and we decided to call this machine molecular breast imaging, or mbi.
how many people times how much water.
so while i'm talking to you, the seats you are sit on are currently emitting some invisible and odorless toxic gas. sorry for that.
you know, if you're just sleeping with somebody casually, you don't really care if they're sleeping with somebody else.
and the house that i had spent time in was empty.
it was hard on the cats, but it made a great little instrument.
this is what i'm building now -- they're called soles self organized learning environments.
he wanted us instead to use these cheap cardboard viewers so that there was no chance at all that our eyes would be damaged.
also, there's numerous pathways that can be engineered metabolizing methane.
on tencent, 200 million.
the public realm comes mostly in the form of the street in america because we don't have the 1,000-year-old cathedral plazas and market squares of older cultures.
in the 18th century, it became a verb, and it meant to swindle or ridicule or to make fun of someone.
similarly, governments don't enact intelligent environmental and labor laws just because politicians wake up one day.
there's no ras, no myc, no p53 drug.
we couldn't believe that it could do this. it said to us that if you could build a robot with very simple, springy legs, you could make it as maneuverable as any that's ever been built.
i hired kids to do my accounting assignments in university for 13 consecutive assignments.
keep shoot 'n. keep shoot 'n.
but you can see it.
no notes, no flats, no sharps.
google's doing it too.
if we worry too much about some things, we end by not worrying about other things.
when there are trade winds of course the effect disappears, but afterwards, as soon as the wind stabilizes, you see again that the rainfall peaks come back above this area.
the future of green is local -- and entrepreneurial. at tedxmidwest, majora carter brings us the stories of three people who are saving their own communities while saving the planet. call it hometown security.
and i, in fact, was so deeply moved by this -- it's hard to express now how much that affected me -- but i was so moved that i actually quit my job a few weeks later, and i moved to east africa to try to see for myself what this was about.
the top one is wages as a function of size plotted in the same way.
you can think of the earth's biosphere as a palace, and the continents are rooms in the palace, and the islands are small rooms.
they did not have any pardas inside their body, hijabs inside themselves; they've crossed the barrier of it.
and we look at this and we think, well, how does that apply, for example, for the design of -- the lessons from this -- apply to the design of online services, future services in these markets?
i see your element, uh, got about four humvees, uh, out along ...
it looks, in fact, like it's swimming up the surface.
owners of the hummer have said, you know i've owned many cars in my life -- all sorts of exotic cars, but never have i had a car that attracted so much attention.
this morning, the world's experts from i guess three or four different companies on building seats, i think concluded that ultimately, the solution is, people shouldn't sit down.
you can watch a horror movie with monsters.
and, interestingly, this has been observed in female macaques, but only when mounting another female.
now, why do i say that?
they need to know out of all the things i could do, what is the best way to achieve my goals?
so in some sense we want this to feel like an amplifier for the player's imagination, so that with a very small number of clicks a player can create something that they didn't really think was possible before.
so i write poems to figure things out.
and i think what drives me, as a mathematician, are those things which are not seen, the things that we haven't discovered.
i locked the house into the site by cutting the back end -- here you see on the photographs of the site -- slicing into it and putting all the bathrooms and dressing rooms like a retaining wall, creating a lower level zone for the master bedroom, which i designed like a kind of a barge, looking like a boat.
brain,insects,neuroscience
if we can change the way households believe and think, we can change the way communities believe and think.
seven different salts.
and as i promised, we're now going to look at what the truth looks like.
most of the time, art and science stare at each other across a gulf of mutual incomprehension.
now let's try to put this into a little bit of context.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdandennettondangerousmemes.html
now archie was a doctor, so he hung around with doctors a lot.
you vote according to how much money you put in the kitty.
a type i error, or false positive, is believing a pattern is real when it's not.
because in judaism, the number 18, in hebrew letters, stands for life -- the word life.
so, after this, my works turned a little violent.
i think we can pretty much assume that 2005 was a horrific year when it comes to natural disasters.
it even did that in the european empires.
and i decided to take some time out from work.
this is a kind of a blowing straw.
in the united states, since 2001 we've had five years of economic growth, five years of productivity growth in the workplace, but median wages are stagnant and the percentage of working families dropping below the poverty line is up by four percent.
so i went out and researched ethanol, and found out you need the amazon in your backyard in every country.
and i felt the tears streaming down my face.
and corporations are very like religions in many ways, except they're right down at the bottom of the pyramid of needs.
we grew up, and we grew older.
we're often all frightened of sharks thanks to jaws.
i'm alive, you may have noticed.
why you giving these to me?
and they'd say, play that part again.
in the west we have the gilbert islands.
and i gave in to the staged swim.
they were very friendly.
these are just some starting points.
they don't usually fade in and out.
i've recorded 44,000 young people.
so digital mammography has been a giant leap forward for manufacturers of digital mammography equipment, but it's been a very small step forward for what about ultrasound?
it's called ode to the drum, and i'll try and read it the way yusef would be proud to hear it read.
yes so if it doesn't feel, it will be drowned, ok?
it was breaking the ice, it was getting over a stigma, and i think that's also what design can do.
it's tedious.
he was busted in a drug sweep.
and you go, ah i can see it. i can feel it.
except that light doesn't work this way in the real world.
and because all of these people i started interviewing -- this was an interview which is over 30 years old -- so many of the people described this as a spontaneous flow that i called this type of experience the flow experience.
a woman told me, when i see a nollywood film, i can relax, i really -- i can breathe better.
dogs.
and we have 24 seconds each.
and we drive away here -- we find the first garden in the street, and they earn 10 to 50 dollars a day.
you give her a quick crack in the teeth with your elbow and blaze for the finish line.
any one-four elements get to the gate
so right there is the tutoring center, and then behind the curtain were the mcsweeney's offices, where all of us would be working on the magazine and book editing and things like that.
so she elected to undergo a focused ultrasound procedure in 2008.
65 million compact fluorescent light bulbs were sold last year.
well you probably imagine that the nervous system in the body is hardwired like your house.
what we get out of this project is we get support for our own work, as well as an experience of actually contributing to the environmental movement in a way other than just screwing in new light bulbs.
what is it that we're actually -- what story are we actually telling?
i talked with over 200 women. i talked to older women, younger women, married women, lesbians, single women; i talked to corporate professionals, college professors, actors, sex workers; i talked to african-american women, asian-american women, native-american women, caucasian women, jewish women.
we've got about a minute left.
how do i, as the narrator, as the writer, also influence that?
the method we illustrate in this video uses a pre-made videodisc but creates custom hypercard stacks.
and a group of engineers worked in germany, and the idea was they would work separately on this problem of what's the successor to the suv.
it was a club to learn english and to learn computers and the internet.
and now i'm tightening lashes, shaped in hide as if around a ribcage, shaped like five bowstrings.
and i had finally got around to doing some draft stripping, installing insulation around the windows and doors to keep out the drafts.
the first limitation is the oxygen -- oxygen toxicity.
here's another example of stem-cell therapy that isn't quite clinical yet, but i think very soon will be.
if i drop the card face up, like this, you reverse it. zoe ok.
not the drug in itself, but the treatment and the care which is needed around it.
you ever see one of these before?
the candidates were back on the road; they were campaigning.
lawyers take cases on contingency with the hope of a big share of a big settlement by a sympathetic jury, because this patient really ended up badly.
the one thing we have, which makes us so different from chimpanzees or other living creatures, is this sophisticated spoken language -- a language with which we can tell children about things that aren't here.
or might we be able to leverage today's gaming technology, like the microsoft kinect, and hack that to enable diagnostics, for example, in diagnosing stroke, using simple motion detection, using hundred-dollar devices.
and also, the common precursor also gave rise to people.
so i guess what my question to you is in the future, what would you choose to grow?
one of the most impressive things about what some, perhaps 10, of the speakers have been talking about is the realization, as you listen to them carefully, that they're not saying well, this is what we should do; this is what i would like you to do.
i want you to think about illusion as a metaphor.
notice that english requires a lot more information with respect to the timing of events.
well, when you're off to work, under the road or under the buildings that you see, there might very well be cellular concrete, which is a very light kind of concrete that's actually got proteins from bones inside and it's also fully reusable.
because since pre-partition, they've been building demand for their ideology on the ground.
but it turns out, it doesn't remind me of the thing i thought it would; it reminds me constantly of something else instead.
and this is a lot more than growing food, as you'll see; this is a different way to think about nature and a way to get away from the zero-sum notion, the cartesian idea that either nature's winning or we're winning, and that for us to get what we want, nature is diminished.
why aren't you responding? oh, you don't speak swahili.
and i think what is common to all astrolabes is that they are beautiful works of art.
you're at a particular road junction.
and today's facebook and twitter and youtube, these things are just modern-day smoke breaks.
very simple.
go ahead and play this one.
the calving face is four and a half miles across, and in this shot, as we pull back, you're only seeing about a mile and a half.
httpwww.ted.comtalkshallatomasdottir.html
and if you zoom in 270 times, you'll see it looks like a rug.
i answered, no. i didn't even think about it.
interviewer and not forwards and backwards? boy no.
my husband works in this big office.
and just like the polar bears, these animals depend on an icy environment.
they have tremendous outreach to the people who are living directly with the effects of the virus.
and at that time, stem cell research had gained momentum, following the isolation of the world's first human embryonic stem cells in the 1990s.
now that's a big abstract number.
so, it's a sort of a practical approach to starting on things.
if we resize the countries of the globe in proportion to the subject of interest, we see that sub-saharan africa is the worst hit region by hivaids.
the vaccine will probably be useless.
a cold war is not as good as a cold peace, but a cold peace is still better than a hot war.
we also use an electronic medical record system.
and the soprano section is just full of hot girls.
so sure enough, i went out and what did i do?
so what i've been trying to tell you today is things even as ordinary as a grain of sand can be truly extraordinary if you look closely and if you look from a different and a new point of view.
referring, matchmaking with communities and then implementing -- actually going out there and doing the work, because when you invent, it's never a reality until it's built.
don't loosen them too far. if you loosen them too far, you'll have a big mess.
that's what i really want to focus on.
so what we did is we collected some samples -- just as a way of testing -- from hospitals, trained rats on them and see if this works, and wonder, well, we can reach 89 percent sensitivity, 86 percent specificity using multiple rats in a row.
in pennsylvania it costs 60,000 dollars to keep people in jail, most of whom look like me.
there are some dilemmas you see.
but actually, it's a drive. it comes from the motor of the mind, the wanting part of the mind, the craving part of the mind.
it's called programming.
and ground zero, despite all its difficulties, it's moving forward.
so there's this whole network of chambers.
woman love? love is nice if you can have it.
faces are easy to see because we have an additional evolved facial recognition software in our temporal lobes.
when you want less, it's because it's about work.
ag many of you might not realize and believe that we have sold this product internationally -- what i call a g2g model, grassroots to global.
and i think i use the example all too often, but it's a great one because there is a classic ending in that little encyclopedia-style cookbook that tells you how to do something like penguin, and you get to the end of the recipe and it says, cook until done.
so that's a very handsome return.
the only working piece of equipment in my kitchen was a can crusher, because if it didn't come in a can, it came frozen in a box.
we'd like to tell our story better, and engage young people, and thereby change their perspective.
and, as a cardiologist, to think that you could see in real time a patient, an individual, anywhere in the world on your smartphone, watching your rhythm -- that's incredible, and it's with us today.
and so, there's one thing that makes me pursue my understanding of human nature, and this reminds me of it.
why now? why here?
but, of course, they ended up dying, six months apart.
i have this record, this 1910 census of another grabowski -- that's my maiden name -- and there's a theodore, because there's always a theodore.
and this is a burglar alarm.
could there be a connection?
where do you sleep? we slept in a tent that was very low to the ground, because the winds on antarctica were so extreme, it would blow anything else away.
as one of my great heroes, carl sagan, said, these are the things -- and actually, not only these, but i was looking around -- these are the things, like saturn v rockets, and sputnik, and dna, and literature and science -- these are the things that hydrogen atoms do when given 13.7 billion years.
macarthur grant,dance,entertainment,math,music,physics,sports
we basically gave children a very simple challenge.
and my vague rememberings from gcse science -- well, steel comes from iron, so i phoned up an iron mine.
obviously, it was.
they liberated my birth town.
in awareness of the inner conversation.
and also, could you create the worst possible tedtalk that they would still let you get away with?
and then you see what kind of damage it can inflict.
she was able to anesthetize her quickly, and it was important because of the emergency nature of the situation.
so any vision of success has to admit what it's losing out on, where the element of loss is.
take away land speculation, price of land drops.
so the other reason it's been very popular is because we can measure it, it's digital.
the things i can tell you about it it's universal; we all have it.
these are quartz crystals and feldspar, so most sand in the world on the mainland is made of quartz crystal and feldspar. it's the erosion of granite rock.
this one is called the talk to yourself hat.
and the same -- well, if we could do that we'd automatically have an energy supply, because the transmutation would be a fusion reactor -- and evidence?
but it visited jupiter, saturn, uranus and neptune.
1117
we need the natural world. we cannot go on destroying it at the rate we are.
and important to note that almost all of the weight, all of the people in this organization are at the bottom.
they don't actually change what the actual cost of the treatment is.
let's see how we can do it with tissue engineering.
and then we say, well how do we line them all up?
so i am going to talk about exports and prices.
you can see the national security agency likes to come by.
then there's all kinds of other applications. implanted medical devices, where people don't have to die of infections anymore if you can seal the thing up.
this immigrant student is the first one in his family to use an atm.
straining the ocean for plastic would be beyond the budget of any country and it might kill untold amounts of sea life in the process.
you talkin' to me? see, he can inflate himself when he wants to be intimidating.
they took longer to reject metaphors as false than they did to reject literally false sentences.
and the elevator door opened, and they all walked out.
i would do birthday parties, weddings, divorces, anything for anyone who wanted to use my services.
so that's kind of a tough day, but i said, there really is some basis for thinking why you might want to do this.
i need to rest.
most of them do very simple things, but if you look along all these different pictures, at rule number 30, you start to see something interesting going on.
let's rebrand global warming, as many of you have suggested.
just existing.
now, granted, for many men it may require a degree in philosophy to see something wrong with these images.
our lady in white.
this is a research which was done in '86, but it's still valid.
the first experiment -- i walked around mit and i distributed six-packs of cokes in the refrigerators -- these were common refrigerators for the undergrads.
by the way, that's sputnik. i ran it last year.
they were asked to design, replace that bridge in six weeks, building it, including all of the parts, manufactured.
the fire gave way, earth emerged -- but this was an alien planet.
and the fact that the polar bear and husky or magpie and a bear or you and i and our dogs can crossover and have that experience sets play aside as something separate.
i didn't heed it; no, i organized it and i directed it.
we were transcending the space between the mind and the device.
i know there are other compassionate companies in the world, but google is the place i'm familiar with because i've been there for 10 years, so i'll use google as the case study.
the public tends to underestimate how difficult scientific things are.
so being a loner is a great thing, especially in today's seas, because schooling used to be salvation for fishes, but it's suicide for fishes now.
this is a horrific image, so i'm putting my hand up now.
and then war and chaos descend.
and so, it's the profound thing that richard talks about to understand anything, you just need to understand the little bits; a little bit about everything that surrounds it.
you know, there's a very interesting passage in a book by paul cohen, the american historian.
the key to cybercrime is what we call social engineering.
i'll give you the jewelry, you give me a hundred dollars, and when the guy comes ...  you see it. i was conned.
anybody who ever gave anything to africa got a lot more back.
and this is the kind of call that is used by, say, right whale mothers and calves as they separate to come back again.
now this gentleman, isambard kingdom brunel, designed many great things in his career in the 19th century, including the clifton suspension bridge in bristol and the thames tunnel at rotherhithe.
and so when we gave ourselves this scorecard to say well, where are we related to our goal towards 2015, the thing that becomes apparent is three pieces.
that seems to make more sense.
my own interest in this subject, and my passion for it, began rather accidentally.
how are these construals reflected in language?
he had a great spirit, like all the rest of them had great spirits.
here's the world based on the way it looks -- based on landmass.
they were terrified of polio, and it would cause public panic.
now there are 192.
three -- three of diamonds. yes
so i made series of images, cuttings, and i assembled them in portfolios.
so canny outlaws are better than nothing, but it's hard to imagine any canny outlaw sustaining that for an indefinite period of time.
ninety-five percent of our professors report that they are above-average teachers.
consider the great problem of women's bodies what to do about them?
you know, that it's a despotic building; it wants us to feel like termites.
and i announced i wanted to be a sculptor in paris.
unfortunately, it was the last thing she ever said to him, because she never saw him again. he did not survive.
it's going to be machine-readable.
so yes, i do believe that the risk we take in every building.
so everything's going fine, and then we see the anxious thought, and it's like, oh, didn't realize i was worried about that.
you all have a piece of cardboard and a piece of paper.
it is very important to recognize that this reform of institutions is the next stage after agreeing upon ourselves that there is a clear ethic upon which we can build.
i mean, this is one vision of it.
and one of the little kids said, because we were listening.
and when she came down those steps, and it was just her and me for that moment, i was so glad that she didn't have to say to her mother, i wish dad could have been here.
many are in their 20s, some are mothers.
122
okay. there's something important to be learned from these people, and it is the secret of happiness.
i want one of those.
you can't go to a website at work, and that's the problem, that's why people aren't getting work done, because they're going to facebook and they're going to twitter?
now, i do most of my speaking in front of an education crowd, teachers and students, and i like this analogy it shouldn't just be a teacher at the head of the classroom telling students, do this, do that.
of course, they were confused.
so, you know, it puts the teacher into a tough bind, you have to think.
in a lively talk from tedxdu, neuropsychologist kim gorgens makes the case for better protecting our brains against the risk of concussion -- with a compelling pitch for putting helmets on kids.
in other words, you have dissolved the barrier between you and other human beings.
so this is the distribution that you get if, in fact, there is no life.
so some of the monks in the villages were doing the same thing themselves.
and he's five years old.
i see entrepreneurs everywhere now, now that i'm tuned into this.
they can make their own sterile drinking water, and start to get on with rebuilding their homes and their lives.
these people go to bed hungry.
we say small, but what does that mean?
but the moment you fall in love, you become extremely sexually possessive of them.
the connection i have with engineering is the same as any other engineer, in that i love to solve problems.
i even think it can go into the real world.
being a retailer, it is a play on the belief that this middle-class that's growing will continue to grow, that the boom and the confidence in consumer spending will continue.
every time i'd come up with a crazy cartoon character on the drawing board, i'd find a critter in the ocean that was even crazier.
and in fact, faking madness is exactly the kind of cunning and manipulative act of a psychopath.
and this is instead of contradiction.
when tony was 16 years old, one day, one moment, it was mom's gun.
they said that by preserving those voices and sharing them, it helped them keep the spirit of their loved ones alive.
packed in styrofoam, of course, before landing somewhere in the united states, and then being trucked a few hundred more miles.
they cannot feed their offspring, their children, their breast milk because of the accumulation of these toxins in their food chain, in their part of the world's ocean pyramid.
and that was the genesis of the entire epidemic in the us.
then they ship them off, hundreds of miles away to hard-line schools that run along the taliban agenda.
the sabbath can be sacred.
the great wall is the only thing that can be seen from the moon.
everybody has come up to me and said, well i'll stockpile water or, i'll stockpile food, or what have you.
today i want to share with you some of the amazing things that scientists are discovering about what fetuses learn while they're still in their mothers' bellies.
and they travel out into the cosmos at the speed of light.
and it sounds like an easy problem.
i am your remaining memory.
bacteria have been on the earth for billions of years; humans, couple hundred thousand.
so we created this genetic algorithm to try this out, we made a model in xl of a multi-surface reflector, and an amazing thing evolved, literally evolved, from trying a billion cycles, a billion different attempts, with a fitness function that defined how can you collect the most light, from the most angles, over a day, from the sun.
okay, play that video please.
so a ray of light could go down, be bent up into the observer's eye, and the observer sees a ray of light here.
what does that mean? imagine this.
most of you like milky, weak coffee.
one is how we need to use market-based pricing to affect demand and use wireless technologies to dramatically reduce our emissions in the transportation sector.
we've set 2020 as our target year for zero, for reaching the top, the summit of mount sustainability.
it is not a theory.
they have to be able to act along with their fellow actors in the production.
and i'm sure ross can associate that with design.
this is quite comforting for people like me -- i'm a professor -- this to be over there on the top of creation.
you now have control over your own destiny.
so, i took the bus downtown to get the new libra poster.
it turned out, as i think you could see in aimee's capabilities and attitudes, people with a desire to do something are quite remarkable and nature is quite adaptable.
that's why the prime minister went on television. he said, this has left us all with a very big haddock.
well, in english class, in ninth grade, my friend john, who was sitting next to me, laughed a little bit too hard.
in an interesting photo, their father, while we were talking to him, picked up a syringe and pricked his finger -- i don't know whether you can see the drop of blood on the end -- and immediately whipped out a box of matches, lit one, and burned the blood off the end of his finger, giving me full assurance that that was the way that you stopped the transmission of hiv.
and there is solid silver thalis.
the hind legs have got the same action.
in the vastness of astronomical space and geological time, that which seems impossible in middle world might turn out to be inevitable.
this monstrosity over here is the cpu, the chip, if you like.
must have been a very interesting day in the shoemaker house.
now, we can create bad impacts -- we can poison ourselves; we can poison the earth -- but that's just a natural outcome of a mistake we made.
so, many years after that in 1998, i was on one of my monthly trips to jerusalem and i got a call from the foreign ministry saying, we've got the chief minister of the punjab here.
we often won't even notice them.
they got quite serious about the engineering of this.
i tried this exercise recently, talking about banking.
robin ince science versus wonder?
because biological control phenomenon, you can see it in your backyard.
and once i put that in context, i'd like to tell you a little bit about technology why i believe technology is a tremendous enabler; a very powerful tool to help address some of these challenges.
humanity is going to go down this path.
this is one one of the things that one does occasionally need to do is to separate blood cells from serum.
but of course, they don't listen.
and if you tell them, well, they think america disrespects them and even wants to dominate them, and they hate america.
we have a talent as a species for messing up wonderful things.
a couple of buddies of mine and i had finished a 111-day run across the entire sahara desert.
that's one way of looking at it.
and for those of you who love the arts, aren't you glad you invited me here to brighten your day?
and all of us are constantly looking for harmony.
and so two months later, we found ourselves at large -- myself, 10 juvenile inmates and a wonderful fellow named russ, who became a very good friend of mine and my partner in this project.
this is a photo that i made showing one of these pups that's only about five or seven days old -- still has a little bit of the umbilical cord on its belly -- that has fallen in because of the thin ice, and the mother is frantically trying to push it up to breathe and to get it back to stable purchase.
thanks so much.
she was a homemaker, but she and i didn't go out and do girlie things together, and she didn't buy me pink outfits.
and look here -- compare to the philippines of today.
these are some designs from eric drexler's book -- which we're now showing are feasible with super-computing simulations, where actually there are scientists building molecule-scale robots.
we've got a database of words which we recognize.
it's difficult and it's complex.
this is tank polo in the south hamptons.
you don't necessarily know with granularity exactly what organisms are providing what flavors and what characteristics.
all the units, all the centers, are linked through a switched hub to a central server, and all the images are populated to review stations.
you will put the wind in winsome, lose some.
or, frankly, for advertising with all kinds of products.
and only this little bit, only six percent actually ends up accelerating the car and then heating the brakes when you stop.
some of you may recognize this.
which, of course, spread virally.
and i had every intention of taking this tribe from being outliers in the middle east and pushing them over the tipping point towards success.
the place is a small women's clinic in a village in bangladesh.
so while all that's going on, we're down in new orleans and locations around the world.
but we're just going to zip right past this area, this area that includes about 95 percent of the living space on our planet and go to the mid-ocean ridge, which i think is even more extraordinary.
in our studies, we represent the everyday life of people in this simple scheme.
i wish for you to help build a social movement of more than one million american activists for africa.
the inner circle shows the videos they're focused on.
this is, under german law, allowed, and the members of our parliament don't want to change this, and this is why they can't sign the u.n. convention against foreign bribery -- one of they very, very few countries which is preaching honesty and good governance everywhere in the world, but not able to ratify the convention, which we managed to get on the books with about 160 countries all over the world.
what we do, my students in my lab and i, is we buy barbies from goodwill and value village, we dress her in clothes that have been made by seamstresses and we send her out with a canopy handbook.
we need cooperation between you and the computing network and the computer.
what about global politics?
ashdown's third law is that in the modern age, where everything is connected to everything, the most important thing about what you can do is what you can do with others.
we've increased it to 3.6 million.
some people are doing that, many are not. what's going on?
it's the combination of strength, extensibility and toughness that makes spider silk so special, and that has attracted the attention of biomimeticists, so people that turn to nature to try to find new solutions.
proximate self-similarity. and that accounts for this phenomenon.
so he came there, and i gave him a mirror like that, in a box, which i call a mirror box, right?
what's unexpected about this is that it's soft, but it's also a strong magnet.
now i nervously peered over the side of the bed to see what had befallen my fallen sister and saw that she had landed painfully on her hands and knees on all fours on the ground.
this is that rocket going up.
anyway, for now, anyone involved in getting these results, thank you. i think this proved these goals are worth it.
i've found that team in america now.
and i thought, well, of course i believe in god, but, you know, i don't like that word, heart, because it anthropomorphizes god, and i don't like the word, 'his,' either, because that sexualizes god.
and from the building in the back, you see it as an iceberg floating by in the hills.
it's a broken system.
and in the northern hemisphere there are four sites.
david pogue unfortunately, the carriers didn't adopt the same keystroke, so it's different by carrier, so it devolves upon you to learn the keystroke for the person you're calling.
picks up moisture as it crosses the ocean.
so as soon as he made his change, it went to the recent changes page.
you have to have physical structure.
so, together, these two projects answer questions i hadn't asked carefully. the class at mit shows the killer app for personal fabrication in the developed world is technology for a market of one personal expression in technology that touches a passion unlike anything i've seen in technology for a very long time.
but look here. instead of blowing tanks and coming up slowly without thinking about it, its a little bit of back pressure, and that sub just comes straight back up out of the water.
any time you have a goal, there are some steps that need to be done, some work that needs to be done in order to achieve it.
so it's very easy, comparatively speaking, to be resilient.
we see it either as sound, or we see it as video, or we see it as photographs, or we see it as chemical sensors, but we never have yet put it all together into one interesting picture.
if we say just small-scale production, as is the tendency here, to go back to local food means that a poor man like hans rosling cannot even eat oranges anymore because in scandinavia we don't have oranges.
it has also some beautiful primates.
all start overage and under-credit.
we looked around the world at all the data we could get our hands on.
this is the lillis business complex at the university of oregon, and i worked with a team of architects and biologists to sample over 300 rooms in this building.
from here, it's about 1,500 feet up at a 30-degree angle to the summit.
so since we can make some interesting protocells that we like, interesting colors and interesting behaviors, and they're very easy to make, and they have interesting lifelike properties, perhaps these protocells have something to tell us about the origin of life on the earth. perhaps these represent an easily accessible step, one of the first steps by which life got started on the early earth.
and that idea was that the small intestine of a pig, if you threw away all the cells, and if you did that in a way that allowed it to remain biologically active, may contain all of the necessary factors and signals that would signal the body to heal itself.
i wish i was playing for preity zinta's team.
ss are you a different height?
the evidence is very clear that plants promote health.
and so, you're reducing the quality of your data.
this is an aspirational graph.
so i'm going to show you the results of a very large-scale simulation of what we think the universe might be like, using, essentially, some of the play principles and some of the design principles that, you know, humans have labored so hard to pick up, but apparently nature knew how to do at the beginning.
and there are historic attempts that have had some level of technical success.
cities gave them a charter to get rid of the stray animals on the street and destroy them.
and if you are a boy, you're four times as likely to be diagnosed with adhd -- attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
we'll make it part of the contract.
so they can use it for finding food, for attracting mates.
and so what the robot does is it plans what we call a minimum snap trajectory.
vaccines that we can manufacture quickly.
we're replicating it in other parts of africa, around other wilderness areas which are faced with extreme population pressure.
if you take 10,000 people at random, 9,999 have something in common their interests in business lie on or near the earth's surface.
well i would submit to you that the ritual of one individual coming to another and telling them things that they would not tell their preacher or rabbi, and then, incredibly on top of that, disrobing and allowing touch -- i would submit to you that that is a ritual of exceeding importance.
and on each ballot form there is this encrypted value in the form of this 2d barcode on the right.
and of course, even if that's true, then what about initial buying power?
because every step is dangerous.
it's a very ambitious goal but we believe it can be achieved with political will.
so if you beat your wife, you're going to be there.
i don't know if i'll be able to make this any clearer.
and they were catching up indeed.
washington, d.c. went out here.
ll or ...
here's the dna origami, and what we can do is we can write 32 on both edges of the dna origami, and we can now use our watering can and water with tiles, and we can start growing tiles off of that and create a square.
we thought very hard about how to present this unknown subject to a modern audience the dark colors to set off the colors that remained in objects that were often faded; the placing of lights to bring out the silk and the gold thread; the labeling.
so, what is it that we require? what is it that we need?
and one of the most remarkable was the tanagra theater, which was popular in the early part of the 20th century.
and you can see here, as this animates over, steven's actual data against the background of all other patients, against this information.
dig wells for five years?
so i want to talk today about an idea. it's a big idea.
it would also be able to be an open code, so people could interact with it.
so, what is this stuff that we're all consumed by, and bothered by?
but what i've just made -- and i'm delighted to show you, first time in public here.
and i discovered that i could be successful in life as an actor, without doing crime, without cheating nobody, without telling no lies.
the unique character of both individual neurons and neurons within a collection of the brain are driven by fundamental properties of their underlying biochemistry.
a child entering school today will be my age in 2050.
and we have not had the other side of the argument fully aired so that people can draw their own conclusions.
now, i have shared this story with you as an example of what can happen to participants in the clinical trial when it is poorly conducted.
and are you free for dinner?
and i would like to show you here my tidied up version of this picture.
maybe some of you have.
this is popular workbench. popular science magazines in those days -- i had a huge collection of them from the '30s -- all they are is just poor people being asked to make sunglasses out of wire coat hangers and everything improvised and dreaming about these wonderful giant radio robots playing ice hockey at 300 miles an hour -- it's all going to happen, it's all going to be wonderful.
and we are so close.
my daughter gave me a rather nice anecdote on this.
but what i do hope is that if you remember anything i said or any of my stories tomorrow morning over breakfast, if you can remember the story of sarajevo, or the story of rwanda, then i've done my job.
and i went down and chief minister badal said to me, we sikhs have suffered a great deal, as you have jews.
you've exposed us to public ridicule
but the thing i want you to think about when we think about conservatives -- not so much this issue of the 1980 convention -- the thing to think about is this they go to church.
be prepared to find vocations that make you useful to your neighbors and to your fellow citizens.
and so, india had to go and play the t20 world cup, you see.
oh, my goodness. he's just too good.
it's actually a story in which our acts themselves are pushing the story in a particular way.
supermarkets as well.
this is our test site on maui, flying across the sky.
this is a player-developed, self-enforcing, voluntary currency, and it's incredibly sophisticated player behavior.
you have, when the blast goes off -- and by the way, if it ever comes up, don't look at it.
when you put all the mental illnesses together, they account for roughly 15 percent of the total global burden of disease.
there's a lot more to be said about van meegeren, but i want to turn now to goering, who's pictured here being interrogated at nuremberg.
they're hard to see, and the sky is really big.
how do you persuade people that it is in their interest to build strong ... after the second world war, we built institutions, the united nations, the imf, the world bank, the world trade organization, the marshall plan.
i've heard it said that the most dangerous animal on the planet is the adolescent male.
but as we're seeing, operational costs are starting to dwarf capital costs in terms of design parameters.
fast forward four years later, after having written a 40-page business plan on the cell phone, having written my patent on the cell phone, i'm the youngest patent-holder in the country, and   i can't say any more than that.
so what we're going to try and do is come up with an inorganic lego kit of molecules.
the fluid wicks its way into those chambers at the top.
it's the minister of defense with whom we're working, not the minister of education, because it is seen as a strategic defense issue in the sense of liberating these zones that had been completely closed off, in which the people who had been causing, if you will, 40 years' worth of bombings and kidnappings and assassinations lived.
in other words, race has no basis in biological or scientific fact.
for example, this is the sound of grass.
so it's been a pleasure. thank you very much.
1116
first of all, they had a lot of unexplained data. a lot of it.
there's the idea of paying teachers for effectiveness, measuring them, giving them feedback, taking videos in the classroom.
and he says, but i have become skeptical.
i need to have the reason, and the reason has to be by saying something through the music.
but everything else is just lying there.
when you get lots of mist, low cloud, the wind starts blowing the snow up.
what if it was a security patch for a buffer overflow exploit, of which windows has not some, but several?
so you reverse this. this is a very old movie, so with the new prototypes, actually both surfaces are flexible, but this will show you the point.
and this is how they see the world.
you have no time for projected ideas.
but i got the new libra poster, and i started to read my new libra horoscope, and i was astonished to find that it was also totally me.
ace of diamonds, yes? zoe yeah.
okay, so these are three things i know to be true.
face to face would work, but it's hard to set it up.
so i found a therapist.
the biggest change for me was looking down at my hands and seeing that i'd lost 10 years of my life.
but i want to talk about this larger world, the world of the micro world.
which means, take my camera.
here is this mass of jelly, three-pound mass of jelly you can hold in the palm of your hand, and it can contemplate the vastness of interstellar space.
so a few years ago, i actually started getting very interested in the seti program. and that's the way i work.
we can influence behavior.
so after the surgery, life got a lot better for me.
then there's all the other memes that can't be pronounced.
so i'm going to talk a little about each of them.
this is eric. he plays for the football team.
but i tell you, when you finish that song, people will be like, damn, i know where you niggaz are coming from.
and you can tell an awful lot about what those beings looked like from the fossils, from the shape of the muscle attachments, something about the way they lived from the various artifacts found with them.
but first i have to ask what are these building blocks, like the alphabet, elements that i showed you?
they might be able to buy mosquito nets.
we were standing out in the desert all alone and, thinking about my house, he said, did it ever occur to you if you built stuff more permanent, somewhere in 2000 years somebody's going to like it?
consider, for example, a condition like epilepsy, where the brain is overactive.
no? oh somebody did. fantastic.
you probably saw the humpback whale footage that we got there a month or two ago off county wexford.
i think we would have gotten there a lot earlier if we could see what happens in the ocean like we can see what happens on land.
what does it say?
none of it's hard. none of it costs money.
when i am driving down a road at sunset all i can think is, this is almost as beautiful as my games are.
so, there is nothing right or wrong in what you do in life.
he said, i've got a tribunal coming up.
898
for example, this garden spider can make seven different kinds of silks.
then i started going into the tunnels, which made me realize that there's a whole new dimension to the city that i never saw before and most people don't get to see.
in a village, you have 100 laptops, each with a different set of 100 books, and so that village suddenly has 10,000 books.
and i started by doing just a single image like this and sending them out to each person.
the first one is, who exactly are you upsetting?
most of the oxygen in the atmosphere is generated by the sea.
and, of course, in real life, it's all dynamic, meaning that it's changing all the time, so the patterns of pulses are changing all the time because the world you're looking at is changing all the time too.
the nations that brought it up when we had the speeches of the national leaders -- it tended to be the leaders of the small island states, the low-lying island states.
those of you who've never looked at their website, you should look at it. it's really impressive. and you can see how the internet penetration has changed over the years.
what i'm going to try and do in the next 15 minutes or so is tell you about an idea of how we're going to make matter come alive.
you come for the money, you don't come to barefoot college.
he said, you know, clearly at some point, we were all of an animal nature, and at some point, we weren't.
the fact that the entropy of the universe was low was a reflection of the fact that the early universe was very, very smooth.
i was like, david cries when you invite him to take a walk.
these are members of my graduating class, 1986.
on the opposite side of the monitor, a task bar appears, and somewhere in those links -- by the way, not at the top -- somewhere in those links is a button that makes you a new document.
maybe you thought that was scary, but actually there's no amount of drugs you can take that can get you as high as if you think you're jesus christ.
all across the developing world there are millions of parents -- tens, hundreds of millions -- who for the first time are with children doing homework and exams.
and so my work, really, is trying to understand the character of that mesozoic radiation compared to the cenozoic radiation to see what mysteries we can understand from dinosaurs and from other animals about what life on drifting continents really can tell us about evolution.
we need help. we need help.
start all over again.
in other words, the ocean is big; she can take it.
and what would a child -- what does a child like jamie -- the young boy -- think, i mean, with all this anger that's built up inside of him?
but what's interesting is you can then broaden the search and actually see interesting things and get a sense of what else is out there.
we're social animals, not rational animals.
it's the belief that aliens are somehow more advanced than us, more moral than us, and the narratives always are that they're coming here to save us and rescue us from on high.
so we can let computers do all the complicated cryptography for us, and then we'll use the paper for verification.
it has buckminster fuller's dymaxion map edited here.
and indeed, one of the wonderful things about the theory is that if you have super-linear scaling from wealth creation and innovation, then indeed you get, from the same theory, a beautiful rising exponential curve -- lovely.
narrator the spyfish is a revolutionary subaquatic video camera.
now that doesn't mean they only get half their education, but it does mean they have to work very hard to join the dots and understand what's going on.
one is the beginning of the music video.
and i would like to know what the audience is, and so who of you ever ate insects?
and that's what we've done, because we're all working for each other.
now, put yourself in the shoes, go back to the shoes of an arab muslim living in iraq.
she goes on over skype and she sorts things out.
and, as i said, the way the shape twists -- the directional along which way the shape is twisting as it moves over this curved surface -- is what the elementary particles are, themselves.
this is the last postcard i have to share with you today.
as you look at a tree, it takes a magnifying glass to see a giant tree.
now, what this movement has done is it has extracted from the bush administration from the united states, at a time of massive over-stretch -- military, financial, diplomatic -- a whole series of commitments to darfur that no other country in the world is making.
you come from elsewhere.
and from that much contact with politicians, i can tell you they're all emotional freaks of one sort or another.
the first thing that anybody who knows science, and has been around science, is that the stuff you learn in school as a scientific method is wrong. there is no method.
that's the indian story.
i started a foundation to bet on these good people doing good things.
and what i'd like to argue is that that's not necessarily the case, as progress is simply a word for change, and with change you gain something, but you also lose something.
what i mean to say is i value my safety on these crazy jobs as much as the people that i'm working with, but the ones who really get it done, they're not out there talking about safety first.
she managed to study english and learn that as a foreign language.
our process for doing this is essentially transforming biotechnology and pharmacology into an information technology, helping us discover and evaluate drugs faster, more cheaply and more effectively.
so now you put the two things together.
but if any of you have studied electrical engineering, we can also create a short circuit.
on one occasion, he saw a man in a bathrobe smoking a pipe, and realized it was himself.
what is it?
the question is why is binary simpler than arabic?
some mad scientist is going to jab your arm with a needle and take four tubes of blood.
now the really hot pink and red areas are those parts of the world that receive the highest amounts of uv during the year.
as a matter of fact, we neglected the informal and the traditional sectors.
people brush and floss their teeth.
here's an experiment we did at harvard.
1416
so ideally what you want to do is a trial.
dj so at this stage, i guess, we had very, very firm ideas on what conservation meant.
it's extremely lumpy.
it was made famous by chairman mao, mao zedong, because he mobilized millions of chinese people in the cultural revolution to destroy every local government.
and so, earlier was talked about cross-discipline, about collaboration.
and plant.
let's talk parenting taboos rufus griscom + alisa volkman
but the victorians actually did it.
or this idea of the misunderstood genius, frustrated that the world doesn't fit in with his or her ideas.
the phone rings anyway, he's called to the palazzo.
and i tried to use that more or less in my teaching, whether it be in sports, or whether it be in the english classroom.
on the other hand, we can cheat a little bit, and still feel good about ourselves.
who would do that?
and back to the yew here.
these are millennial structures -- portions of the tree that are believed to be more than 1,000 years old.
i became an inventor by accident.
this is a circuit of about 16,000 kilometers.
one of the offshoots of crack cocaine is that you keep an erection for about four hours.
there's a great quote that was written in the new york times that said, sharing is to ownership what the ipod is to the 8-track, what solar power is to the coal mine.
in this case, we tested it.
the lesson from kurdistan and from palestine is that independence alone, without infrastructure, is futile.
governments and ngos need to tap into that local entrepreneurial talent as well, because the locals know how to reach the very hard-to-serve places, their neighbors, and they know what motivates them to make change.
here we come with those natural enemies in order to reverse a little bit of the wheel and to bring more natural balance to the agricultural plot by reducing those chemicals.
when i ask people what's wrong with having a conversation?
we were evolved in an era where it wasn't in the interests of people at the age of most people at this conference, like myself, to live much longer, because we were using up the precious resources which were better deployed towards the children and those caring for them.
this is like one of the great things we ever discovered, fire.
so i had a manila folder, and i had a sharpie, and i was like, what am i going to call this research?
goldie hawn thank you. choose five?
the large coal-fired power station we're building at king's north, and of course the exciting news that only today, only this week, britain's only manufacturer of wind turbines has been forced to close.
this is not the future king of england, although it looks like it.
ray morgan we'd just ended a seven-month deployment of hawaii.
what's the formula that we can use in any situation to determine what we should do, whether we should use that guy's data or not?
na well, let me first warn you that i'm not the traditional yemeni girl.
and i have to tell you that i thought i was writing an incredibly nerdy book about a subject everybody hates for an audience that would never materialize.
i never would ever agree to interview a modest person.
but basically i love being a woman.
this guy, dr. toland, went by covered wagon to california.
there's over 650 wireless companies, 100 of which or more are working in wireless health.
and then, navy pilot training, and, after college, i got into sailplane flying, power plane flying, and considered the sailplanes as a sort of hobby and fun, but got tangled up with some great professor types, who convinced me and everybody else in the field that this was a good way to get into really deep science.
in 30-some years of jumping, i never did one.
a few kilometers, maybe, is quite typical.
what we discovered was that two-, four-, six- and eight-legged animals all produce the same forces on the ground when they move.
not only about responding to natural disasters, but involved in systemic issues.
ss he talks to other bonobos at the lab, long-distance, farther than we can hear.
it's as though you made something resonate within them.
they've never found a society that did not have it.
httpwww.ted.comtalksnicholasnegropontein1984makes5predictions.html
it was the suggested syllabus for dealing with the applied arts and science at cambridge university in 1829.
mr. potato head you going to make us, woody?
to get to a typical place, you've got to go 1,000 times as far as that into intergalactic space.
gb well, thank you.
well, a little unknown secret is his brother actually works on the virtual earth team.
prostate cancer. i don't need to give you many statistics about prostate cancer. most of you already know it third leading cause of cancer deaths in the u.s.
a language dies every 14 days.
there's users from, you know, virtually every country in the world now in second life.
and metaphor gives us a much more vivid understanding of juliet than if shakespeare had literally described what she looks like.
culture,global issues,military,peace,technology,war
all right, now these are the wha -- i'd say, mumble, mumble -- mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble, mumble -- ahh
and as a result, when we say, this isn't brain surgery, that pays tribute to how difficult it was for anyone to learn from their mistakes in a field of medicine that was considered so discouraging in its prospects.
this gives me a chance to suggest to you the structure of the column of marcus aurelius, which is really no more than a pile of quarters high -- thick quarters. over the piazza of saint ignacio, completely ruining the symmetry, but that aside a spectacular place to visit.
but if you don't have money, what happens?
as a matter of fact ethologists know this.
they're super-efficient. we had a very low budget to work with.
you had a glamour.
they have over a billion people in this country, but they have 35,000 local doctors who report paralysis, and clinicians, a huge reporting system in chemists.
animals,education,entertainment,performance
it didn't work.
but now we needed to get brad's performance to drive our virtual benjamin.
and we tried to put these into gene families to see what these discoveries are are we just discovering new members of known families, or are we discovering new families?
and they would coalesce for just a moment, so you could perceive that there was a chair there.
you truly can swim up to a mola -- they're very gentle -- and if you approach them right, you can give them a scratch and they enjoy it.
so, i don't know what the name of this thing is.
ladies and gentlemen, i'm james randi, and i'm waiting.
dr. judah folkman, who was my mentor and who was the pioneer of the angiogenesis field, once called this cancer without disease.
well actually, i was not silly.
coincidence? no, it's creepy.
ok, what i'm going to try and do, is to square in my head a five-digit number requiring a 10-digit calculator.
her brainstorms would control an arm that would move the cursor and cross the target.
ted is famous for keeping a very sharp eye on the clock, so they're going to hate me for revealing this, because, actually, you should talk as long as they will let you.
and they told us one important thing you shall not beta-test.
no novels.
but what i never said, and what i'm really going to make the point is, that really, green is cool.
yeah, that one is easy. okay. so, ahhh okay on to the next one.
162 squared is 26,244.
one is asking for angur -- one is, say, an englishman -- one is asking for eneb, and one is asking for grapes.
but in a world where energy is freed and transmittable easily and cheaply, we can take any water wherever we are and turn it into whatever we need.
so, here's the first door. you know, you get the message.
and also, if youre embedded in such a network of relationships, your view of the world has to do with what information comes to you through the network of relations.
if it's a tail, you crack open the champagne.
now, back to the unfolding apocalypse.
i've been on a team that won the world championship of barbecue.
so the clock started ticking.
we need a whole new approach.
177
at the bottom of every piece of material in connexions and in lots of other projects, you can find their logo.
the most pressing one is that we want to understand how some differences make some people susceptible to one disease -- type-2 diabetes, for example -- and other differences make people more susceptible to heart disease, or stroke, or autism and so on.
let us free ourselves -- especially in the west -- from thinking about that part of the world based on oil interest, or based on interests of the illusion of stability and security.
don't mourn. organize.
so basically, with both of your hands you're controlling pitch and volume and kind of trying to create the illusion that you're doing separate notes, when really it's continuously going ...
in fact, they seem to be very unmusical entirely and to miss the whole point of the music.
do you ever feel completely overwhelmed when you're faced with a complex problem?
but to me, what's shocking is not just the amount of light, but the fact that it's not just luciferin and luciferase.
i just basically gnawed all this stuff out of plastic.
farmers that rely on nature for solutions, for answers, rather than imposing solutions on nature.
now, what do i mean by well motivated?
because think of the picture -- not the word, the picture.
so we decided to come the year after and keep doing the project.
and therefore, this is your opportunity to do better than my generation.
what happened? the industrial revolution, which meant that all of a sudden, europe and america became the dominant center of the world.
thomas thwaites how i built a toaster -- from scratch
that sort of phallic bit there is about a foot long.
activism,bottom-up,community,global issues,philanthropy,potential
the simplest idea is that when an ant is in a small colony -- and an ant in a large colony can use the same rule, like i expect to meet another forager every three seconds.
so, if we knew exactly what the extra dimensions look like -- we don't yet, but if we did -- we should be able to calculate the allowed notes, the allowed vibrational patterns.
your right hand. is that -- no, ok.
it's a bit mischievous, actually.
then, at moment number two, you have the fake announcement go out.
one of my favorite brain stories described these middle-aged guys.
and following that basic idea of the village, we changed it as we got into it.
most recently i went in, and i started looking at some of the biggest industries in china.
mustard does not exist on a hierarchy.
the majority of them were, first, from developing countries.
the 70s means who? norman lear.
here's a female that's in a hurry. she's got food.
i mean, we're an organization that is hard to grow very quickly because of the sort of material we deal with, so we have to restructure in order to have people who will deal with the highest national security stuff, and then lower security cases.
the first example is the largest annual community event -- where googlers from around the world donate their labor to their local communities -- was initiated and organized by three employees before it became official, because it just became too big.
drive the kids to school on the way to the office.
i've been trying to contact you since yesterday.
the trumpet.
he has no lure for attracting food and no teeth for eating it when it gets there.
but i can live up to that. i don't have a problem with that.
and over and over again, as i interviewed them and spent my days with them, i did hear stories of life change and amazing little details of change.
i couldn't even pull the covers off myself.
there was a period of time when my wife -- her name is tammie -- and i, we just got real busy and whip, bam, boom kendall and jay.
so, here's a woman that reserved minimia, and she had her day.
and no matter what country you live or work in, you've also seen the extraordinary things that individuals are capable of, even in their most ordinariness.
where did these things come from?
one of the fundamental characteristics of a network is that, once you are linked in the network, the network starts to shape your views and starts to shape your interactions with everybody else.
so nature already gives us really exquisite structures on the nanoscale.
sounded very ominous when he took me nearby to the lake, conveniently called lake lyndon baines johnson.
it's a female archetype she who perceives the cries of suffering in the world.
and why is there an uproar when a private collector tries to sell his collection to a foreign museum?
the brains remain hardwired for music.
so, mantis shrimp come in two varieties there are spearers and smashers.
the record on post-conflict recovery is not very impressive.
some recent stories nanobees zap tumors with real bee venom; they're sending genes into the brain; a robot they built that can crawl through the human body.
and it turns out that in india there's a long tradition of names being based on horoscopes and star constellations present at the time of birth.
well in this case it isn't, because it's a very, very ecologically-sound piece of technology.
this is better than the performance of many oecd countries.
i say, samhita mukhopadhyay, miriam perez, ann friedman, jessica valenti, vanessa valenti, and on and on and on and on.
maybe you've encountered the zero-to-three movement, which asserts that the most important years for learning are the earliest ones.
i know many will find it difficult to separate the fact that i'm carlos salinas de gortari's son from the fact that i'm a citizen concerned about the country's current situation.
you weren't going to put tollbooths around the city of london and open and shut those gates.
so, thank you everyone.
that changes everything, right?
and then the next line over says if your friend's friend's friend, someone you probably don't even know, is obese, your risk of obesity is 10 percent higher.
in addition to this kind of high-resolution geometry, since it's all captured with cameras, we've got a great texture map to use for the face.
we don't live in the center of the solar system, we don't live in the center of the galaxy and our galaxy's not in the center of the cluster.
i trained briefly as a buddhist monk under this guy.
and then i'll come back to the beginning, and tell you a little bit more -- hopefully convince you -- that i believe that in today's world, it is really important for business leaders not only to have an idea of what their business is all about, but to have a passion for something that is meaningful.
and we rely on others. we rely on proxies.
what's true for color is also true for complex perceptions of motion.
and d.b. will probably roll toward you.
and zero wants to go to the moon.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjoanhalifax.html
so another thing the robot can do is it remembers pieces of trajectory that it learns or is pre-programmed.
i must admit, i used to be one of them.
so let's first talk about focused ultrasound.
if i should have a daughter, instead of mom, she's gonna call me point b ...  began spoken word poet sarah kay, in a talk that inspired two standing ovations at ted2011. she tells the story of her metamorphosis -- from a wide-eyed teenager soaking in verse at new york's bowery poetry club to a teacher connecting kids with the power of self-expression through project v.o.i.c.e. -- and gives two breathtaking performances of b and hiroshima.
and these synapses together form the network or the circuit of the brain.
this is really pretty weird.
but deeply tucked into the fabric of space itself, the idea is there could be more dimensions, as we see there.
the hospital really has no idea what to do with people like that.
she stayed at the top of her class through elementary school, middle school, and then in high school, she scored brilliantly on the national examinations so that she became the first person in her village, ever, to come to the united states on scholarship.
my name is arvind gupta, and i'm a toymaker.
we cannot continue consuming water as we do today, with 25 percent of world rivers not even reaching the ocean.
ce hopefully it all will happen the way you saw it in here.
business,collaboration,culture,education,global issues,library,open-source,technology,web
it's to transform any new product into a new market.
and people spend, depending on who they are, between 90 and 95 percent of their energy getting around on foot.
if we ask einstein, he would say, whether the cow crossed the road, or the road moved underneath the cow, depends on your frame of reference.
not only do they live infinite lives, but the same life is lived infinite times till you get to the point of it all.
on the other hand, i had played the violin my entire life.
so, the science is changing.
this is in this context i'm going to tell you about video games. when we say video games, most of you think about children.
1019
this is not unlike the world of comedy.
this guy is now five generations removed from the general; this guy is about seven.
and a long time ago, about '82 or something, after my house -- i designed a house for myself that would be a village of several pavilions around a courtyard -- and the owner of this lot worked for me and built that actual model on the left.
this is what i spoke about in the last ted.
and so i had these ideas in my head, that this is going to be great.
culture,history,physics,science,storytelling
i'm going to replace your hip -- it's about an 18-month wait.
on the left-hand panel, again, we have the s-shaped curve of adoption.
nine? yeah? correct?
even more problematic, they're not listening to poor people themselves.
afghanistan does not pose an existential threat to global security.
that's something we just came up with on the spot, you know; it's probably not the right thing to do, but there's such interesting things you can do with this kind of interface.
so we've redefined, now, what a foot is.
this is up along the dmz.
so, i said, okay well we can't do that. then we can do something harder.
909
so in fact, experimental economists had run this test around the world, and for much higher stakes, and the consensus view was that the measure from the first person to the second was a measure of trust, and the transfer from the second person back to the first measured trustworthiness.
this year is a test for us all, especially the leaders of the g8 nations, who really are on the line here, with all the world in history watching.
bloggers exposed this, or they worked hard to expose this.
and so what is symmetry?
two different mythologies.
so i wanted to develop something that we could develop very fast, that would be cheap, and that would be open-source, so, because oil spills are not only happening in the gulf of mexico, and that would be using renewable energy.
and i had to visualize the swim.
some people turn into rockers like this.
i'd like to see it -- to give guidelines as to how to interpret the scriptures, these texts that are being abused. remember what the rabbis and what augustine said about how scripture should be governed by the principle of charity.
he was brought in in october 2007 as the new superintendent to basically fix this broken school system.
he said, be you.
and here we have a view of evolution where rather than having evolution go over the linear time, we have it coming out from the center.
and demand that the people who teach you acknowledge them and celebrate them too.
up, up, up.
so, utilizing all of these ways to inspire individual action.
but everybody else was looking in the bush and looking in the ditches for golf balls.
for how else will you explain the amazing and absolutely true close encounters that i had and will describe to you now?
this spring -- there's a collider at brookhaven, on long island -- this spring, it's going to have an experiment in which it creates black holes.
he wouldn't have granted the cart, and he had a very interesting dissent.
eventually, the government listened and, amazingly, they changed their laws.
but you know, they're young. they heal fast.
these goliath beetles are wired in their wings.
so that was basically a buddy story with a plastic bottle following along.
when you're telling a story, have you constructed anticipation?
you should be looking for the perfect pepsis.
and we're almost there.
here we have a problem.
this is what some people think.
so, the technology that i want to talk about is for the third world, for the developing world, but it has, i think, much broader application, because information is so important in the healthcare system.
car travel is underpriced and therefore we over-consumed.
they were doing fine.
what we now know is that if we treat the animal with a pathogenic bacterium -- a multi-drug-resistant pathogenic bacterium -- in the same time we give our anti-quorum sensing molecule, in fact, the animal lives.
so what you see here is a subtraction of areas in which there's more brain activity when you're playing people compared to playing the computer.
and just after i'd graduated, pierre came to me with this idea to help people buy and sell things online with each other.
within two years we should hopefully be done with this plan and taking it to implementation.
but it's damaging.
a professional is someone who has a combination of competence, confidence and belief.
so we shift gears for a minute, and say, i know television; advertising. push push.
they've discovered a new bond, a new material for transparent solar cells.
dehumanization of others. de-individuation of self.
now, when we have emotions, we show them.
but i was absolutely stuck on the idea of art is and trying to determine what art was.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrachelbotsmanthecaseforcollaborativeconsumption.html
by any economic standard, the demand for art of all forms is skyrocketing, as you can tell from the price of opera tickets, by the number of books sold, by the number of books published, the number of musical titles released, the number of new albums and so on.
and if anyone is concerned about what i believe is the necessity for new legislation, regulation, effective regulation, i say, let's take a look at bernie madoff, who is now going to be spending the rest of his life in jail.
it will be as big as your house.
ready? so here it comes.
so he said, here, i'll assume that these events are independent.
chris abani tells stories of people people standing up to soldiers. people being compassionate. people being human and reclaiming their humanity. it's ubuntu, he says the only way for me to be human is for you to reflect my humanity back at me.
paraorchestra is the name of that project.
i'm in kampala and i'm the wage earner.
passion is the motto of all my actions.
john francis walks the earth
and i can't get this thought out of my head, and i can't get that vision out of my sight, so i did what i had to do.
we also see the phenomenon -- some of you may have boomerang kids -- these are boomerang alumni, where universities are actually reconnecting with alumni in helping them with jobs, sharing skills and retraining.
wat, wait. just hold this for me.
so there's population a, there's population b, and then we activate the system, and protocell bs, they're the blue ones, they all come together. they fuse together to form one big blob, and the other protocell just dances around. and this just happens until all of the energy in the system is basically used up, and then, game over.
we marry, for example, with great pomp and ceremony and expense to signal our departure from a life of solitude and misery and loneliness to one of eternal bliss.
neither in sacramento nor in washington.
now compare that with real price increments.
now, in keeping with today's theme, i'd like to point out -- and something you already know -- that sometimes a small advantage someplace in life can yield tremendous results someplace else.
and, you know, it happens for several reasons.
so i'm not going to go on until every single person in this room, downstairs and in aspen, and everybody else looking, will come to love and understand classical music.
is god intimately involved in our suffering, so that he feels it in his own being?
cyrus begins in the 530s bc.
it's a serious gene.
it's just been published in the british journal of educational technology.
his name is dr. denis mukwege.
i finally got through to my mum. she was at the queue of the supermarket.
now the problems begin first with pitch perception.
nothing to worry about, right?
and i was constantly reading the new york times, and stunned by the statistics, the numbers.
you'd think it would be otherwise, but it isn't.
it was there because they wanted to find animals in the mountains but it outgrew it, so they built this extraordinary village for the lab.
actually, could you roll the clip, please?
they can take a couple of years, or it can be difficult to design.
then, on december 26th last year, just two months ago, that underwater earthquake triggered the tsunami.
it requires only a change in consciousness, and that can be any one of a number of symptoms, including feeling foggy, feeling dizzy, hearing a ringing in your ear, being more impulsive or hostile than usual.
never heard of it.
some of the things that emerge from it are local food projects, like community-supported agriculture schemes, urban food production, creating local food directories, and so on.
gershwin died at the age of 38.
it has one in three of its children living in poverty, and it's what is referred to as a rural ghetto.
it's just the beginning, unfortunately.
i want to give you a hug.
it's for motorola's new rugged cell phone, and yes, it really does say, slap mother nature in the face.
zk now, for our next technology we're going to do a little demonstration, and so we need a volunteer from the audience.
in a little over two years, we've written up about 4,000 items -- replicable models, technological tools, emerging ideas -- all providing a path to a future that's more sustainable, more equitable and more desirable.
i came to this because, if you're going to have a reference that we know as self -- the me, the i in our own processing -- we need to have something that is stable, something that does not deviate much from day to day.
that's what makes the difference between north america and south america.
and all of a sudden, it brought a lot of money and a lot of attention.
by the way, you folks know that in the united states, you can't take photographs of federal buildings, but google can do it for you.
i'm also a software engineer, and i make lots of different kinds of art with the computer.
have fun in whatever you do.
it's basically the idea of, you wear a leotard, and they put some reflective markers on your body, and instead of using cameras, there're infrared sensors around a volume, and those infrared sensors track the three-dimensional position of those markers in real time.
he was a man of tremendous leadership.
rs thank you.
ab no, we need to be polite about differences.
it's very high-resolution, and it's our algorithms that allow us to zoom in on all the details.
when i read that, i was blown away by those numbers.
we treat these patients in a rather crude fashion at this point in time.
and the answer is no, but of course it's really just a movie.
you also may be taking into account the fact that it's incredibly painful.
oh yeah, you were right. he took that one.
rb ah, that was quite fun. that was a wonderful car-boat in which -- ca oh, that car that we -- actually we -- it was a tedster event there, i think.
why not, thanks to a common identity, which is the story of abraham, and thanks to a common economy that would be based in good part on tourism?
you know the thing that was so great about mark twain -- you know we honor mark twain, but we don't read him.
jimmy wales on the birth of wikipedia
and lo and behold, look what happened.
whatever it is, you can go so far.
people are going to be hurt.
ghosts, right?
and then 10 years from now, billions will again have gone into africa, and we would still have the same problems.
and that's why i call it a transformational innovation.
the combination of that produces something that is actually, you got this thing wrong.
it's about attention. it's about their image, not about the car.
some of the world's most baffling social problems, says peter eigen, can be traced to systematic, pervasive government corruption, hand-in-glove with global companies. at tedxberlin, eigen describes the thrilling counter-attack led by his organization transparency international.
and for us, i mean it's really kind of a very strange thing, but the moments in the hall that the buzz kind of dies down when the audience is waiting for the performance to begin, very similar to the parting of curtains or the raising of a chandelier, the walls will just exude this glow, temporarily stealing attention from the stage.
third reason that boys are out of sync with school today kindergarten is the old second grade, folks.
i actually have to pay attention. really, there's no excuse for failure.
and you know what pirates really like?
they're part of the rice cycle and these skills will be valuable for them in their future.
this is actually easter island. look at this monster.
in a war, two allies are playing a non-zero-sum game.
and people can get rss feeds -- they can get e-mail notifications of changes.
you see, that's empathy.
this doesn't mean we should ignore software, or information, or computation.
and so they grabbed some very simple materials, you can see, and did this role-play, this kind of very crude role-play, just to get a sense of what it would be like for passengers if they were stuck in quite small places on airplanes.
so the wikipedia governance model, the governance of the community, is a very confusing, but a workable mix of consensus -- meaning we try not to vote on the content of articles, because the majority view is not necessarily neutral.
for me, today, on this date, it's like a second bar mitzvah experience.
and you have to realize that these incidents did not happen in convenient locations.
for those who probably know, if you don't have any sensors and there are any disturbances, you know what happens.
i see it in the politicians we vote for -- people who, in the face of an incredibly complicated world, are nevertheless absolutely convinced that they understand the way that the world works.
we divided our world up with lots of categories.
and it does it in such a way that it doesn't get bitten itself.
i looked into the face of one of these women, and i saw in her face the strength that arises when natural compassion is really present.
people do stupid things.
when we first gave it to them in their enclosures, they actually kind of picked them up, looked at them.
culture,food,global issues,green
for fashionistas, they want to stay ahead of the curve.
they work in the field.
and we're in the process of sequencing all that at the present time.
but, he agreed to do it, even though daniel cohn-bendit's life was not in danger, just because it was a good opportunity to mock the authorities, and to show them that there's nothing more porous than borders -- and that ideas have no borders.
wfp's been able to leave 30 nations because they have transformed the face of hunger in their nations.
one of our major inventions that we need to be able to do to come even close to what these organisms can do is to find a way to minimize the amount of material, the kind of material we use, and to add design to it.
you're trying to manage these, and this grid is available here, and we want to understand it.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjanefondalifesthirdact.html
the kids make up the names of the countries -- some are rich; some are poor.
but it was interesting because i had some very preconceived notions about, for instance, evangelical christianity, and i found that it's such a wide and varied movement that it is difficult to make generalizations about it.
this is working with marshall mcluhan.
we've got to start building cities and human environments where a 150-pound person can go a couple of miles in a dense, rich, green-space environment, without being in a 4,000-pound machine to do it.
so, i say, no, i make eye meat, instead.
so i started off at a young age as a physicist using computers as tools.
right? remember in the campaign one million hybrid cars by 2015.
and people have emphasized the importance of compassion, not just because it sounds good, but because it works.
so, here we have figure in black.
but this is that attempt.
it is the landscape, right?
i feel good.
for most of that time of life on earth, living organisms have been relatively simple -- single cells.
this is a wonderful cartoon in the new yorker, which really summarizes my whole talk i'm neither a good cop nor a bad cop, jerome.
and every one of those rising dots represents probably about 20, 30 searches, or something like that.
but the companies withheld that data from them, and so did the european medicines agency for three years.
a few years ago, professor vaclav smil tried to calculate the probability of sudden disasters large enough to change history.
five dollars can save a life.
if the stick were ever found, all humankind would be happy.
so bhutan has this really wacky thing where they base most of their high-level governmental decisions around the concept of gross national happiness instead of gross domestic product, and they've been doing this since the '70s.
this was really embarrassing when it happened, until i realized it could have been worse.
it's victimless. it's meat from a test tube.
fortune cookie.
and now it's a real, full-blown project with more people on it.
now again, the military is necessary, but the military is no problem-solver.
instead of turning to friends or relatives, they looked to david's workplace.
what?
they will only figure it out by getting their hands on it and playing with it.
and i'm sitting there -- there are 15 members of the security council -- so 14 men sat there staring at me, and i thought -- well you know how we all are.
because through your mask, they let theirs go.
one of the things which my intern here, pratesh, built is a mobile application, which can now send all this data anywhere it wants to go.
but what i'd like to talk about today is what life might teach us in technology and in design.
the surface of the earth is absolutely riddled with holes, and here we are, right in the middle.
i do, because at least there you stood a chance. you know?
i got mad. brothers can fight. parents and children can fight.
you want to do it? yeah? ok.
when times are hard, people have to do things for themselves, and right across the world, oxford, omaha, omsk, you can see an extraordinary explosion of urban farming, people taking over land, taking over roofs, turning barges into temporary farms.
it turns out that these things don't have to hit the ground to do a lot of damage.
so it's everywhere, and we need to know how to exploit it.
he looks like he's resting peacefully, but in fact he's struggling to stay alive because he can't regulate his own body temperature.
you feel kind of sorry for that thing, and we've seen it so many times now that we don't really care any more.
but the young people all came.
well, it doesn't have to be terrible.
and they use light to illuminate space down there.
in humans -- by the way, this is true for all mammals; it's true for other mammals -- and in humans, it got a lot worse.
you remember the space race in the '60s was for national prestige, because we lost the first two milestones.
ks now, the interesting thing about this is, you don't have to be an engineer to appreciate why a 10-foot pole that can fit in your pocket is so interesting.
they cover the earth, except for antarctica.
the machine itself would start the music.
jl would you mind reading them out in the order that you chose them?
how many of us have children or grandchildren, nieces, nephews?
and of course, it's very beneficial in a lot of ways.
i said, well, i just did it. no one told me that.
you have to rethink, what is the university for?
chef oh.
josh silver demos adjustable liquid-filled eyeglasses
when the war broke out -- civil war -- i saw how my mother was helping and how she really needed the help, and how the care is essential to the woman to be a woman doctor in somalia and help the women and children.
and i use this -- this is, sort of, what i consider to be urban spam.
that pad comes out. and that's where the glue is.
leaving the shack, the wild blueberry woods, the geese, the river sluch, they went to palestine and then america.
i mean, is this the optimal environment in which to raise our children?
but the wind above is from the northeast monsoon.
and i built rubber around the end of the tweezer so it wouldn't crush the glass.
and here i thought he'd never play a minute, when he was -- so those are the things that give you great joy, and great satisfaction to see one.
i think that is the progress of cities.
so it's like, here i am, i'm on the fence about this guy, but increasingly, eating up his every word.
we really tried to understand the end user, in this case, people like sevitha.
so as i said, these things are sent to you in strange ways. grab them while you can.
because actually radical innovation does sometimes come from the very best, but it often comes from places where you have huge need -- unmet, latent demand -- and not enough resources for traditional solutions to work -- traditional, high-cost solutions, which depend on professionals, which is what schools and hospitals are.
that children's medicine is now 60 dollars a person a year.
we're discovering in nature that simplicity often lies on the other side of complexity.
they are able to respond to gravity, of course, so the shoots are growing against the vector of gravity and the roots toward the vector of gravity.
the psychological immune system works best when we are totally stuck, when we are trapped.
they don't feel different.
so here's one way to think about it, which is that we just do this instead of cutting emissions because it's cheaper.
this is actually a direct quote from an epidemiologist who's been in field of hiv for 15 years, worked on four continents, and you're looking at her.
they only learn to be frightened of those differences when an adult influences them to behave that way, and maybe censors that natural curiosity, or you know, reins in the question-asking in the hopes of them being polite little kids.
to conclude, i would actually like to say, you may think this is about rats, these projects, but in the end it is about people.
and my first car was a 1975 electric-green mustang.
in the guardian tower of new york, converted to a w union square -- i'm sorry i'm rushing -- where we had to bring in the best horticulturists in the world to make sure that the interior of this dragged the garden space of the court garden of the union square into the building itself.
we measure complexity and fidelity of data in terms of polygonal count.
early explorers sailed off the edge of the map, and they found a place where the normal rules of time and temperature seem suspended.
for instance, let me tell you the history of the year 1950.
this is the first take-home message of the talk, which is that if you saw the beginning of this and you thought, oh, i'm totally going to go home and hire a capuchin monkey financial adviser.
so reconciling our need for security and our need for adventure into one relationship, or what we today like to call a passionate marriage, used to be a contradiction in terms.
why has the record been so poor?
lolcats are cute pictures of cats made cuter with the addition of cute captions.
let's now take a step back and see what this message can tell us about protecting dolphins from human disturbance.
and it uses skinnerian training to shape their behavior over four stages.
now there's a theory called super-symmetry, which doubles the number of particles in the standard model, which, at first sight, doesn't sound like a simplification.
we must change everything.
there go the cells.
they stole our flag they stole our flag
and then you want to decide, how are you going to draw the character?
so if they wanted the world to end, if they wanted productivity to stop, they could make this a 30-minute cycle, and no one could do anything else, right?
we are for decorative purposes only.
and that was really cool.
i was a media junkie, and eventually got involved with advertising.
so in the videos i'm about to show you, you're going to see a visual attention system on a robot which has -- it looks for skin tone in hsv space, so it works across all human colorings.
now this cosmic knowledge-based view may -- and i think ought to -- make us feel very special. but it should also make us feel vulnerable, because it means that without the specific knowledge that's needed to survive the ongoing challenges of the universe, we won't survive them.
i am pleased to unveil that our three billionth seed -- that's three thousand millionth seed -- is now stored.
and it was here, listening to these poets share their stories, that i learned that spoken word poetry didn't have to be indignant, it could be fun or painful or serious or silly.
i mean these guys are extrapolating in realms that are not necessarily valid.
this is a shipping container. built and works.
that's an inconvenience compared to having both of them gone.
so say if you cut a period stop in half, a full stop, that's about the size of the whole thing.
now if we answer those questions in reverse order, the third question -- is matter evolvable? -- if we can answer that, then we're going to know how special biology is, and maybe, just maybe, we'll have some idea of what life really is.
so, let me finish by saying that we've thought about this as a kind of engineering problem.
and what does that mean?
she was like, well, i love him, but i would never ask him for advice.
one of them, from anthropology, is the study of human universals.
okay. who here, it does nothing for them?
but most importantly, we're now mapping into this anatomic framework, which is a common framework for people to understand where genes are turned on.
there was a bird that people liked on the east coast called the heath hen.
this man, this lunatic farmer, doesn't use any pesticides, herbicides, or genetically modified seeds.
these are the basic features of my device, or our device.
i could just go home now.
over 50 percent of managers are women these days, and in the 15 professions projected to grow the most in the next decade, all but two of them are dominated by women.
among the other interesting things that have cropped up are many things from businesses, from marketing and communications and predictable things, to an insanely popular korean-barbecue taco truck that drives around l.a. and twitters where it stops, causing a line to form around the block.
we can do something, something that when the world sees it, they say, wow, this is nigeria.
tendai mugwagwa my name is tendai mugwagwa.
i invite you to talk about this with me further, and in the meantime, i wish you luck.
take the first step, as soon as life appeared on this earth.
children,culture,education
he has given us the possibility to have dreams and to make true the dreams.
in this case, hans had put the data together he had found from all kinds of united nations websites and things.
the reason why things are free is so that you can manipulate them, not so that they are free as in beer, but free as in freedom.
bodily functionality and morphology and affective self-control.
their parents are so poor, they have no resources to get them back.
i mean the world where advanced building materials means cement roofing tiles that are made by hand, and where, when you work 10 hours a day, you're still only earning 60 dollars in a month.
had collected photographs of me, as mothers will do.
this area shown here is an area called the hippocampus.
so we started.
and i first actually went to botswana, where i spent a month -- this is in december 2000 -- then went to zimbabwe for a month and a half, and then went back again this march 2002 for another month and a half in zimbabwe.
so we can throw it out like that. let's reset it.
a paraphrase of a quote by virginia woolf, and there's some debate as to what she actually meant by that.
they put tens of thousands of these in the blood cell -- they tried this in rats -- it lets insulin out in a controlled fashion, and actually cures type 1 diabetes.
they really don't do that. it's missing.
1693
i had woven carbon fiber sprinting legs modeled after the hind leg of a cheetah, which you may have seen on stage yesterday.
we also believe that it's the content that is more important.
and there are these guys who used to model the future of interest rates, and all that kind of stuff.
because those had been in the news lately.
280
i went in and showed them a pairing i'd done, and jerry donohue -- he was a chemist -- he said, it's wrong.
the year is 2005.
but when anger turns to contempt, you've been dismissed.
but once you fractionate happiness the way i do -- not just positive emotion, that's not nearly enough -- there's flow in life, and there's meaning in life.
they think about how to get the weight over their feet because it's sort of natural -- they carry you all day long.
most of us have to trust that that happens correctly for our own vote, and we all have to trust that that happens correctly for all the votes in the election.
and they have a magic question.
it's the total brain experience, we're going to ...
it's as interesting a side effect as it could be.
and now we go in content to liberty and not to banishment.
education is going to give us, not only commercial skills, industrial skills, it's also going to make us better people.
if this was the case, we'd have a really easy solution to the problem of human error.
i started to think, if the boy could survive without breathing for that long, there must be a way that i could do it.
thanks, little guy.
so our first critical moment, it's open.
and of course, as the computer industry develops interactively, producers in the emerging tv business actually hit on the same idea.
there are more suicides in developed individualistic countries than in any other part of the world.
the sea levels were dropping. and africa was turning to desert.
the silvertips are the one with the white edges on the fin, and there're also gray reef sharks and some hammerheads off in the distance.
some years ago i was invited to open the israel festival by a high-wire walk.
not all of the planets will be fortuitously oriented for us to be able do that, but if you have a million stars, you'll find enough planets.
yeah, no, really, this was like aah -- why didn't i remember this?
so they eventually started matching their talents and skills to all of my needs.
i knew craig and respected him.
the cuban missile crisis, jfk is shot, the civil rights movement, race riots, the vietnam war, mlk is shot, bobby kennedy is shot, watergate.
so this is the equivalent for a kite flier of peeing in the snow -- that's tracing your name in the sky.
now, diarrhea's interesting because it's been around for thousands of years, ever since humankind really lived side by side enough to have really polluted water.
compassion cultivates and practices curiosity.
but from the japanese perspective, it's their duty to protect those who don't know any better -- in this case, the ignorant gaijin -- from making the wrong choice.
and that is the problem with these utopian ideas, that they are utopian.
you can see in the diagram how it grows over time from an infrastructural space into a new public urban space.
and then we're starting to create a happy planet.
ken saro-wiwa, in nigeria, who took on the giant oil companies, and although people around the world tried their best, was executed.
and i want to make it clear, we don't view this as the complete math education.
and the next lines are, through the unknown remembered gate, where the last of earth discovered is that which is the beginning.
we have to do this globally, and we have to do it right now.
i never show it to my client. he would be so afraid.
as we start, you see in 1960 inspiration is holding steady.
we're trying to struggle to find our identity.
i'll show you one of those in a second.
and as dan dennett puts it, if you have those, then you must get evolution.
because they help people share news.
and here are the new ideas.
why is cargill important?
governor schwarzenegger and his wife maria stopped by to discuss the display.
and i think that if you really sit and think about it, virtual worlds, and where we're going with more and more computing technology, represent essentially the likely, really tactically possible version of space exploration.
each has persisted for thousands to millions of years.
you can really get inside somebody's perception and have them experience something.
the next piece that i'm going to do -- which is the cylinders piece, if you want to get that up -- it has to do with cylinder seals from about 5,000 years ago, which were stones with designs that were used to roll over wet clay with all sorts of great designs. i love ceramics and all of that.
he was a really keen sailor. and he had this beautiful boat.
the early 70s marked a time of musical and artistic excellence in ghana.
and these migratory beekeepers are the last nomads of america.
anna mracek dietrich a plane you can drive
but you don't talk about it so much.
i think it may have been a special rapport that he and i had.
we killed every single one of them.
they send little pulses of electricity down their processes to each other, and where they contact each other, those little pulses of electricity can jump from one neuron to the other.
well, i don't know. there were tasmanians who were discovered around the 1600s and they had no fire.
they decide what to do.
to answer that, you have to look a lot closer at the spinneret region of a spider.
it's not like you just look over there and say, what am i seeing now?
where has it been?
and stop degrading resources under the guise of cheap food.
now, another kind of mind is the pattern thinker.
and what's interesting is that it was just 1990 when it was more than two dollars a minute.
so, we went around the table to talk about what we should do.
we started by making a 350,000-dollar loan to the largest traditional bed net manufacturer in africa so that they could transfer technology from japan and build these long-lasting, five-year nets.
and we've stained these cultures with a green florescent dye so that we can look at these proteins that form these chains.
every flash is an edit. somebody somewhere looking at the open street map, and realizing it could be better.
they both kept their day jobs. here's the last mine.
i'm sure you're all avid american idol watchers.
and in the course of that, i studied, i met with medical doctors, scientists, and i'm here to tell you that the way to a more productive, more inspired, more joyful life is getting enough sleep.
electric fields are not ionizing radiation, like x-rays or proton beams, that bombard tissue to disrupt dna.
and it's 10 triliion dollars.
but that's only if you look at the monitor as a page, but not if you look at the monitor as a window.
after 20 years, we see emerging the debris accumulation zone of the north pacific gyre.
the search is not for the solution of the problem, but for problems themselves worth solving.
natural selection also explains many basic revulsions, such as the horrid smell of rotting meat, or fears, such as the fear of snakes or standing close to the edge of a cliff.
so i really think its a lesson that we're actually learning from them.
if she did, she would have got bitten.
well, the heart stent came from that little blow-up box that you might have learned in elementary school.
and she's whistling, and finally i do the kind of birth breathing -- you know, that one?
well, more idea creators.
i've hinted at them education and also economic opportunity.
the second thing we need to do is we need to just look back at how far we have come in such a short period of time.
but we can learn to land on these asteroids that have our name on them and put something like a small ion propulsion motor on it, which would gently, slowly, after a period of time, push it into a different trajectory, which, if we've done our math right, would keep it from hitting earth.
we wish we'd taken better advantage of the education that we did have.
the stars in those galaxies probably don't have planets around them.
yes. that's right. this is barbie.
it's going to require innovation.
so last year i went to milan, italy, and i got to speak to an audience of cellular executives from 200 countries around the world.
rb so it's making eye contact with him, following his eyes.
i think that's going to become completely possible as the amount of data we're producing and technology's ability to understand it both expand exponentially.
this wedding dress here is actually made of sporks, and this dress is actually made of aluminum.
even though his people are being genocided -- and believe me, he feels every blow on every old nun's head, in every chinese prison. he feels it.
so the smaller you make r, the more dramatically the inertia reduces.
i'll show you just a couple others. here we have the numbers one through 10, the digits zero through nine, actually.
in addition to which there's an enormous amount of back and forth, mentoring of one student by another, of all the students by the doctors, and the result is a generation -- we hope -- of doctors who do have time for the people they treat.
and on the other side of the fence, that physical art, the physical performance of the stuntman, has interfaced with the very highest technology in i.t. and in software.
nt i needed no models, drawings or experiments.
now i don't mean actual asteroids made of rock and metal.
yes? zoe yeah.
he said, what are you doing here, raghava?
you can do small, trivial things and yet still get these benefits from doing this.
our first product was a textile where we analyzed 8,000 chemicals in the textile industry.
the institute of medicine tried to look at the masking question.
asked them to make a face as a sign of commitment.
it's usually some kind of choice between the vocational and the intellectual.
so people in kansas, in a wheat field in kansas, need to understand that the oceans are central to them as well.
so insects, just for free, contribute to the economy of the united states with about the same order of magnitude, just for free, without everyone knowing.
640
this one i love.
like, for example, making up these ridiculous reasons why aging is actually a good thing after all.
sp stay low. head over to the right.
let me give you just a story, an example.
i'm going to share with you some of the exciting work that's going on.
they begin to self-replicate. so in absence of any reward, the intrinsic reward is self-replication.
and i think with time, in the years to come we'll be learning a lot about our picassos, our legers and our cezannes.
and you see that the priest never wears shoes because holy feet -- there must be nothing between the feet and the earth for a mamo.
and maybe we live in an endless universe.
each of the little crosses that you see is a different wrong answer.
and what marine mammals have evolved over the last tens of millions of years is ways to depend on sound to both explore their world and also to stay in touch with one another.
what i'm suggesting here is that we could get evolution working in the direction we want it to go, rather than always having to battle evolution as a problem that stymies our efforts to control the pathogen, for example with anti-malarial drugs.
just scuttle forward and go for it.
and if you ask what kind of situation is conducive to people defining people as enemies, it's a zero-sum situation.
david gallo on life in the deep oceans
that's the history of foie gras.
this should not surprise you, right?
but if you need to reach more places than just one, you need to move the robot.
this is the way theories of unification work.
the second thing you need to do is pay your political hangers-on.
it's a slow, deliberative process of discovery.
that's why in june of this year, we passed, as a species, 51 percent of us living in cities, and bustees, and slums, and shantytowns.
he's actually taking his own picture, shot with what's called a camera trap.
and here, a company which licensed this herbal pesticide put a photograph of the innovator on the packing so that every time a user uses it, it asks the user, you can also be an innovator.
httpwww.ted.comtalksjonathandrorithebeautifultricksofflowers.html
for example, most other germanic language speakers feel completely comfortable talking about rain tomorrow by saying, morgen regnet es, quite literally to an english ear, it rain tomorrow.
i grew up in tenement buildings in the inner city.
and every culture comes up with its own understanding of life, its own customized version of mythology.
i was able to wrestle in high school.
but if you look, if you have that perspective, then you can see what happened in the last 60 years.
and this is just an illustration.
they think of the old medium, because the old medium is always the content of the new medium, as movies tend to be the content of tv, and as books used to be the content, novels used to be the content of movies.
this is learning something, learning an idea, from an organism and then applying it.
in 2004, there were only two flights two russian soyuz flights to the international manned station. and i had to fly three in mojave with my little group of a couple dozen people in order to get to a total of five, which was the number the same year back in 1961.
and if you actually lose that information, it means that you suddenly have this loss in your mind, that you suddenly feel like something's missing, except you aren't able to see it, so it feels like a very strange emotion.
and ken and i believe that this is what practitioners actually want.
so if we have to reset the baseline, if we have to push the ecosystem back to the left, how can we do it?
it doesn't matter whether it writes about politics or about science.
and those of you that have an iphone recognize the green center.
daphne koller so this is which coin you pick, and this is the two tosses.
and when i touch you, i feel happy inside.
so anyhow, he went there with his video camera, and its kind of interesting to see what he brought back.
oh, let me kind of tell you a funny little play bit.
and that's what i'd like to convince you of today.
would you want your mother, your brother, your sister to get a placebo if they had advanced lung cancer and had weeks to live?
and this was somebody who had incredible potential to spread aspects of our message, whether it be with regards to wildlife conservation or health prevention.
and as the student video showed, we can impact and move.
time, nobody can see time.
it's completely compatible with the god of the physicists.
but that's a key thing.
why has all this focus on security made me feel so much more insecure?
if someone came to my door and i was hearing catholic theology and dogma for the very first time, and they said, we believe that god impregnated a very young girl without the use of intercourse, and the fact that she was a virgin is maniacally important to us -- -- and she had a baby, and that's the son of god, i mean, i would think that's equally ridiculous.
and it's an intellectual challenge to understand how we do that.
and learning is most likely a self-organizing system.
the only way to prevent a bad outcome is to prevent that first injury from happening.
indeed, there is a lot of hype, but also hope that the promise of stem cells will one day provide cures for a whole range of conditions.
so what i did, i'd gone back to my early marriage days.
it does concern you, as well.
and information technology is increasingly encompassing all of our lives, from our music to our manufacturing to our biology to our energy to materials.
and the other is that there is an incredible opportunity if we choose the right wireless technologies; how we can generate a new engine for economic growth and dramatically reduce c02 in the other sectors.
and now that i've given lots of speeches, we had a bunch of high school principals come and see me, and they said, mr. strickland, what an extraordinary story and what a great school.
so i said okay.
fantastic potential for regenerative medicine.
in the 1970s, under the pol pot regime, the khmer rouge killed over a million people, and they focused and targeted the elites and the intellectuals, the artists, the dancers.
mitchell besser remember the images i showed you of how few doctors and nurses there are in africa.
and i'm going to show you one or two of them.
well what about matter?
they assumed money is good, why not keep it all?
i study ants, and that's because i like to think about how organizations work.
so we've got triple the space, but we've become such good shoppers that we need even more space.
what maersk did is they worked ways to slow down.
adam sadowsky engineers a viral music video
and i said, yes, i would love to do that. it sounds great.
ca that's a great answer. rebecca saxe, thank you very much. that was fantastic.
that holds the long strand like this.
another major revolution the communications revolution.
these forms are completely made up of weather data or science data.
and further back, 800,000 years ago is there a common origin with present day humans.
filmmaker sharmeen obaid-chinoy takes on a terrifying question how does the taliban convince children to become suicide bombers? propaganda footage from a training camp is intercut with her interviews of young camp graduates. a shocking vision.
this is what goes on in my studio everyday. i walk -- i'm traveling. i come back.
the reason i make them write like crazy is because when you write slowly and lots of thoughts cross your mind, the artistic devil creeps in.
we could, of course, buy more efficiency.
whereas a coal-burning plant, a normal one gigawatt coal plant, burns 80 rail cars of coal a day, each car having 100 tons.
this shows the bonobo compared to an australopithecine like lucy.
i want to talk about rachel corrie who was in her teens when she stood in front of an israeli tank to say, end the occupation.
and so she spent almost all of her life in bed, but -- i speak of the life force -- her hair was askew.
for example, with the keith haring circles and kandinsky's dots.
and the answer before their first birthdays.
michael norton how to buy happiness
so you're out in the woods, or you're out in the pasture, and you see this ant crawling up this blade of grass.
it's very nice for discussion, discourse, making films and everything.
for now, let me try to convince you of the plausibility of this hypothesis, that it's actually worth taking seriously.
you operate the world as you operate the real world, which is to say, with your hands.
all we have to do is to get our egos out of the way, get our egotism out of the way.
they've called me brother and uncle and invited me again and again over five years.
recording okay, here's something.
and at different places in that space, it expresses -- can we have the volume on here?
indra saw the woman, a sekhri.
we might think that anything that we do as an individual is just a drop in the ocean, that it can't really make a difference.
infants don't respond to much.
what is it that they have every right to ask of us?
but she was blind.
man no, they just had to conform to the movement of the bridge.
but as i was moving away from the traditional classical repertoire and trying to find new ways of musical expression, i realized that with today's technological resources, there's no reason to limit what can be produced at one time from a single string instrument.
let us accept the choice of the people.
we have a decent trend.
this is history being made in this region.
now, a lot of you are going to die of old age, but some of you, horribly enough, are going to die in an accident.
so there are three things i want to do.
waterproofing the building was a bit crazy.
it's a very simple experiment where a monkey has been trained in a task that involves it manipulating a tool that's equivalent in its difficulty to a child learning to manipulate or handle a spoon.
it's to bring purpose to the lives of millions, and he has succeeded.
his name is pius mau piailug.
but the good news is that we don't have to figure it out as we go along; we have models, we have examples, like benki and sanghamitra and jianchuan.
the great graphic designer paul rand designed the ibm logo, the westinghouse logo.
then we formed a spin-off company.
we've been here before with energy, and people saying the economy cannot withstand a switch, because the cheapest energy was slavery.
congestion pricing is being discussed in every major city around the world and is, again, wirelessly enabled.
the other thing is, we love batteries.
there's no escaping the fact that everything we eat has a global impact.
10 times better than our fog-catching nets.
imagine a dance piece for the first inquiry into something that even today kills thousands of women.
and this is sort of babbage's revenge.
and it was designed to be a robot diet-and-exercise coach.
no matter, she was just delighted to be in school.
you can walk a mile when it comes to understanding why that person's driving 40 miles per hour in the passing lane, or your teenage son, or your neighbor who annoys you by cutting his lawn on sunday mornings.
how many people here would say you're a maker, if you raise your hand?
and i think i have a problem, and i need some help.
this boy is called messoud.
i see pictures, and something says, now, that's compassion.
now the first step, pretty easy.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobertfischellonmedicalinventing.html
now there's a number of different rules the bees can learn to solve this puzzle. the interesting question is, which?
biology,brain,medicine,mind,neurology,psychology
big mediocrity in every way.
and indeed, the head of the chambers of commerce is now the chairman of the studio schools trust and helping it, not just with big businesses, but small businesses all over the country.
when india was growing at about three, 3.5 percent and the population was growing at two percent, its per capita income was doubling every 45 years.
all the conversation stopped. all the eyes turned to me.
and the afghan soldier was so surprised to see me that he forgot to stamp my passport.
but, in addition, we wanted to open up this study to anybody around the world.
it's what our network does; it's what dirty jobs is.
just to give you an example from iran, we all heard about the twitter revolution that happened there, but if you look close enough, you'll actually see that many of the networks and blogs and twitter and facebook were actually operational.
and it worked. and it gave the studio great relief.
and they're more vulnerable to job losses, subject to inflation, tightening loans from banks, appreciation of the renminbi, or decline of demand from europe or america for the products they produce.
what that means is we have the tools to break the back of this epidemic.
i'll tell you. it'll be saved by the human spirit.
so we're not in a uniquely hospitable place.
and you count the number of times until the pattern head-tail-head appears and you average them. ok?
feynman said, forget all of that.
696
i found these rules out by comparing the statistics of four-word phrases that appear more often in the most favorite tedtalks as opposed to the least favorite tedtalks.
so i want us now to think about not just two pieces of data being connected, or six like he did, but i want to think about a world where everybody has put data on the web and so virtually everything you can imagine is on the web and then calling that linked data.
just to give him some money.
simple game quest.
the cheapest products are often the most dangerous.
in 1998, aircraft designer paul maccready looks at a planet on which humans have utterly dominated nature, and talks about what we all can do to preserve nature's balance. his contribution solar planes, superefficient gliders and the electric car.
he was wearing a t-shirt like the one i wear now.
let me just give you two examples.
he added new linear motion guides to the pistons, he added a condenser to cool the steam outside the cylinder, he made the engine double-acting so it had double the power.
ak it works good.
so essentially, we had our first carbon-neutral volcano.
the goal is to turn this around.
man her grandmother says, delish
it's a fantastic model of collaboration -- thinking partners who aren't echo chambers.
we see with the eyes, but we see with the brain as well.
we'll apply that throughout our global supply chain regardless of ownership or control.
now all this is -- and it's magic -- is a little fatty bag. and it's got a chemical battery in it.
at every site there will be huge challenges.
i don't deserve it. i don't deserve anything.
thanks very much.
when did the randoms -- when did the friends take off and leave the randoms, and when did their curve start shifting?
but the americans? oh, we'll make some guns for lego, no problem.
what it does is it searches to find the hottest spot, it searches again a half an hour later, it searches again a day later, it searches again a month later.
it's been well known that the dead sea is dying.
the u.n. broadband commission has recently set targets to help broadband access in 50 percent of the developing world, compared to 20 percent today.
the three of us take this class together.
where were they? it got even more puzzling when we found dunes.
one more picture while i'm stinking and thinking about the riverside church 911. last night at chagrin fall, a newspaperman and a television guy said, that evening, when a service was held at the riverside church, we carried it on our station in this city.
httpwww.ted.comtalksawhistlebloweryouhaventheard.html
she paused and said, he models things.
okay, we could talk about rachel carson and ddt, but we know it wasn't good for you and me.
products have gone to the market, a few.
but importantly, the tumor treating field group suffered none of the side effects typical of chemotherapy patients.
the third step, following the second step, is to create new mental habits.
england invented 20 overs cricket, and said, the world must play 20 overs cricket.
they don't have any conveniences.
'what do you use it for?' come over. it does frogger. ok.
and you know, when you go to a global consulting firm, they put a chip in your head, and you're like, i love accenture. i love accenture. i love my job. i love accenture.
if we look at islamists, if we look at the phenomenon of far-right fascists, one thing they've been very good at, one thing that they've actually been exceeding in, is communicating across borders, using technologies to organize themselves, to propagate their message and to create truly global phenomena.
so they found this cagoots guy, a 39-year-old man who was really hopelessly schizophrenic, who was known, had been known for months, to be literally defecating on himself, talking nothing that made any sense, and they brought him into the hospital.
in this case, the opto-isolator is blinking in response to one's own blinks.
but if you can do it any time, that means you can do it tomorrow, and if you can do it tomorrow, well, you may not ever get around to it.
and that same year, 10 years ago, i headed north to the phoenix islands.
come with me to the wonderful world of statistics.
when it was announced that they were going to do every child in uruguay, the first 100,000, boom, went to olpc.
and if the numbers coming in from china are anything like what they look like now, it's not going to be 40 years.
so really, it's not about the freedom of cartoonists; it's about your freedoms.
well i'm not a particularly brave person, i have to confess it, but i could not just ignore him.
so, 5,000 years after the invention of the wheel, we have a new wheel. and i will show you, in the next video -- can you start it, please? -- that very heavy loads can be moved.
we have to really begin to change the way we think about everything.
the kids were amazing extremely eager and often very bright.
and lo and behold, people started uploading their videos.
how did that feel when they came and whisked you away, and your lifestyle completely changed?
and i said, how long have you been a fireman?
and so that's the basic thing doctors are trained to do, and it's miraculous in the case of infectious disease -- how well it works.
most of you started out wanting to change the world, didn't you?
i will answer, my lord only to make you happy
it's transparent, and it allows you to understand, i think, what is always the most interesting thing in any building, which is the actual constructional processes that make it.
so what do you do?
it was a real cop car, it was a real policeman, and there were real neighbors in the street, who didn't know that this was an experiment.
statins, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and a few others, they inhibit angiogenesis too.
this is their wedding video.
when i went, i saw the ghastliest thing ever.
yes, breast cancer.
but if we were willing to spend 10,000 dollars for every child under five who dies, that would be 90 billion per year just for that problem.
middle world is the narrow range of reality which we judge to be normal, as opposed to the queerness of the very small, the very large and the very fast.
and then her younger brother stood up and said, i'm also positive.
so think of it as a monitor for the blind.
my first attempt on pure o2, i was able to go up to 15 minutes.
so it's extremely unfair towards the poor.
aviation week asked me to make a list of who i thought were the movers and shakers of the first 100 years of aviation.
and they have these long 30 to 40 to 50-ft. tentacles.
you know what? this is so good that we want a marshmallow book for children.
i made it a year ago. and just how meanings change, and there were a terrible thing that has happened, but the fear is lurking around in our minds prior to that.
and the hot air engine also was not invented by robert stirling, but robert stirling came along in 1816 and radically improved it.
the daughter's marriage is very special to the mom.
this is from the fbi uniform crime statistics. you can see that there is a fairly low rate of violence in the '50s and the '60s, then it soared upward for several decades, and began a precipitous decline, starting in the 1990s, so that it went back to the level that was last enjoyed in 1960.
or we can take the much more difficult path of transformation, transcendence, compassion and love, but also accountability and justice.
here's what this system is going to look like that we are funded to build at this point.
that was enough. it really got the city behind it.
we're becoming impatient.
let us have a hong kong nearby.
and the way to test it in the laboratory is to make it minimal.
civil wars have made news headlines for many decades now, and ethnic conflicts in particular have been a near constant presence as a major international security threat.
young children. child soldiers.
this is a song that came about because i think it's difficult to be in the world and not be aware of what's going on, and the wars and so forth.
we heard about that yesterday.
thank you frans de waal, wherever you are, i love you and i'd give anything to meet you.
and other studies of populations at risk sensitized me to the importance of play, but i didn't really understand what it was.
in the past several days, i heard people talking about china.
certainly that's true for most of human prehistory.
and recession, of course, isn't exactly a recipe for hope either, as we're busy finding out.
i wished it had been there when i'd done it the first time, and i'm really excited that it's here now, because the lab that i founded has some data on a drug that might work, and i'd like to show it.
that's what spreads hiv.
and i cut off a little flake of gold.
and brian the scientologist whispered to me, they're medicated, which to the scientologists is like the worst evil in the world, but i'm thinking it's probably a good idea.
but anyway, i should have started by saying just how lucky i feel.
chris anderson kirsten, will you just take one minute, just to tell your own story of how you got to africa?
this time we covered the roofs of the houses, but we didn't use paper, because paper doesn't prevent the rain from leaking inside the house -- vinyl does.
you're into something that occupies space and inhabits time.
so he was a photographer by day, and a forger by night for 30 years.
which is, again, a sense that it's all new.
and it's brittle, because each of these steps has to be flawless, otherwise you lose that data, whereas in the brain, you have a system that stores data in a distributed way, and it's robust.
it's going to be amazing.
and then again, the follow-up actions.
i turn to my wife and said, who are we buying this for?
and i think for me, it's a way of trying to understand the city and what might happen in the city.
and there's national schools, which are like the best schools, and provincial schools.
and my urging is that when we think about environmental issues that we remember that it's not just about melting glaciers and ice caps, but it's also about our children as well.
why not? every plant virus, every insect virus, every marine virus.
we have a comment function, where people can ask their mps questions.
we can, for example, go find miko's locker and get some more information about her.
so, they first create this foundation of equality.
if you take a sea urchin larva from 8.1, put it in a ph of 7.7 -- not a huge change -- it becomes deformed and dies.
and in that moment my right arm went totally paralyzed by my side. then i realized, oh my gosh i'm having a stroke i'm having a stroke
so, you cannot argue with that.
so these are words that suddenly start to appear out of nowhere, so they're kind of, you know, memes that start taking off, that didn't have a lot of historical precedent before.
and my favorite scene, three tunas going into the gulf of mexico.
so that, this belief in each other, knowing that without a doubt and practicing that every day in whatever you do, that's what i believe will change the world and make tomorrow better than today.
when i heard it the first time, it sent chills down my spine.
he won the silver medal for ireland in the 1992 olympics, and he trains in this space. he trains other people.
it's 28 percent in organ donation.
and this study has been published on september 8, 2008, and it's available on the government of india website.
and then, he had better telescopic, more fine-grain data in which he could figure out that as the earth is going around faster -- according to kepler's laws -- than saturn, then we catch up with it.
you know, that's in my head, testicles are on my chin, thoughts are bouncing around.
get writing.
here, but -- -- anyway.
and so, the year 2000, you see there.
if they stayed in, there was no way i would ever sing again.
this is dimitri.
rhex's foot started off to be quite simple, then it got tuned over time, and ultimately resulted in this half circle.
and when you hold those perfect little babies in your hand, our job is not to say, look at her, she's perfect.
tens of thousands of people try to write their own 50,000-word novel from scratch in 30 days.
he needs just a piece of paper where he can put down little marks, and as he does that, he can imagine sounds that had not existed before in that particular combination.
and we open bank accounts for them and they're paid directly into the accounts, because their money's protected; the men can't take it away from them.
and you might find it interesting that i became a garbage man, because i absolutely hate waste.
but of course not all of them were that small.
and we did it over the phone and by fax.
i choose the prime minister based on my relationship with them.
there's me as diana -- i look like the mass murderer myra hindley, i think, in this one. .
and this kind of thing is not just in africa. it's all over the world.
ks thanks for coming up. let's give him a big round of applause.
but it's an animal that's about 98 percent in decline throughout most of its range.
but all this is for us to glorify the name of the creator whose primary name is the compassionating, the compassionate.
now, when we first started talking to ok go -- the name of the song is this too shall pass -- we were really excited because they expressed interest in building a machine that they could dance with.
two players that gave me great satisfaction; that came as close as i think anyone i ever had to reach their full potential one was conrad burke. and one was doug mcintosh.
so a more direct one, one that gives you more of the feeling of math, is something closer to pythagoras' own proof, which goes like this so here we have this triangle, and if we surround that c square with three more triangles and we copy that, notice that we can move those triangles down like this.
cosmos,faith,history,philosophy,physics,religion,science,technology
well, while aurora was playing this game, as you saw, and doing a thousand trials a day and getting 97 percent correct and 350 milliliters of orange juice, we are recording the brainstorms that are produced in her head and sending them to a robotic arm that was learning to reproduce the movements that aurora was making.
if you all stay down he wins it automatically.
now, am i sure that every single person followed that, understood it, was moved by it? of course, i can't be sure.
what you see here in black line is the safe operating space, the quantified boundaries, as suggested by this analysis.
but that too is transforming the indian story around the world.
narrator this is another example of a page with glossary words highlighted in red.
it's like 21st-century henry moore. when you see a henry moore still, your hair stands up. there's some amazing spiritual connect.
they are made from handpicked organic zimbabwean cotton that has been shuttle loomed and then hand-dipped in natural indigo 24 times.
now, if islam and democracy are at present in a moment of great confrontation, what does that mean?
httpwww.ted.comtalksjoshuakleinontheintelligenceofcrows.html
and this is actually sold in the frozen area of the supermarket.
but i think last year when governments did step in, people were quite glad that they were there, that they did act.
this is magnetic resonance imaging -- mri.
and the interesting thing, when you go around here in the photo panorama, you see the family still sitting on the floor there.
and that kind of civic value is not just a side effect of opening up to human motivation.
and so some states have decided to allow them, some states have decided to ban them.
i don't want to suggest that they are a single thing that you can point to.
the environments we are living in, more typically, are like these.
i saw photographs of her, and i thought i wanted to go.
thank you.
this is a plot of frequency against time -- sort of like musical notation, where the higher notes are up higher and the lower notes are lower, and time goes this way.
i've been doing that for about 10 years.
we can try this first. if i just put them on the table together, there's no reason for them to synchronize, and they probably won't.
i feel that everyday, all of us now are being blasted by information design.
this family earns about one dollar per day.
now i've been to a lot of marathons, and i've yet to see any ...
meanwhile, you have the tv bloggers going out on strike, in sympathy with the television writers.
in a broadcast society -- this is how the founding mythology goes -- in a broadcast society, there were these gatekeepers, the editors, and they controlled the flows of information.
it is a description of the changes in one enzyme when you drip a chemical extracted from some red grape skin onto some cancer cells in a dish on a bench in a laboratory somewhere.
and more exciting was the fact that the person who took this photo was a guy named jack randall, the greatest living ichthyologist on earth, the grand poobah of fish nerds, if you will.
kb nicole, and?
composers know that. if they want sad music, they just play those two notes.
now i do own stocks.
marcus so what solutions do you offer? i mean, the job of a poet is not just -- boy man, fight the power simple blow the motherfuckers out of the sky.
1112
santa would come to our house while we were at nine o'clock high mass on christmas morning, but only if all of us kids did not make a fuss.
the concept that they're working towards -- and they have working prototypes -- is that we placed it throughout the motor points of the body where they're needed.
she's the man now.
she had this maternal instinct, much like a young girl on her way to womanhood, and so this really took us to this new level of understanding that personality.
all this training -- i had transformed my life.
and it's moving forward, you know, propelled by various charges, and then the soul steps in and tweaks those molecules so that they connect.
so here, if you look at this poster, it has all the trappings of western culture.
and so, when i got outside, i actually gave the translator some money and said, please go back and see if you can do something.
so, tissue design.
so i wrote to the bank, and they thought for a while, and they said, it's a little crazy, but logical.
but then, running in parallel to that is a second system that we've discovered, that's generic.
but they are extremely efficient organizations.
so, natural selection will favor organisms that are more likely to cause damage.
he had a bold idea that -- what he called the cognitive trade-off hypothesis.
why doesn't somebody do it? and the answer is, how do you make a profit in a capitalist system, doing that?
now, when i started looking into collective action, the considerable literature on it is based on what sociologists call social dilemmas.
and i present to you a concept that these are extended neurological membranes.
take a look at mathematical attainment by 15 year-olds.
millions of tons of discarded fishing nets, gear that continues to kill.
so let's start getting into the countries and into the specific material and data.
here -- that's just my new proposal here for the union jack.
and if dinner isn't entirely obvious, think of sex.
okay?
that's understandable and important.
the diameter of each dot represents the length of the sentence inside, so that the large dots contain large sentences, and the small dots contain small sentences.
and if you did this for all thousand tedtalks, you would get from 2.3 million words down to 6,000.
i play with funny people like claes oldenburg.
so the way it works is, you go down the hallway and you see if it tilts toward a particular locker, and then you open the locker.
and who gets to express it, and how do we express it?
and then we looked at the brain activity.
the politics become easier as the decade progresses if you're building on a foundation of security and economic development -- the rebuilding of prosperity.
so all of my performances are based on entirely what i experience, and not by learning a piece of music, putting on someone else's interpretation of it, buying all the cds possible of that particular piece of music, and so on and so forth.
with the youthful idealism of a 26-year-old, in 1987, i started my company and i called it joie de vivre, a very impractical name, because i actually was looking to create joy of life.
i found this photography of mine almost compulsive.
that's peripety or peripeteia.
there's research underway now at harvard medical school to pick the optimum pairs to maximize that benefit.
and it just so happens that's a parasite hanging off the mola.
if you look at the countries, they're pretty geoculturally distributed.
and it happened because i met a girl in watts, l.a.
suheir hammad poems of war, peace, women, power
and then they repackage them and sell them out on markets for literally more money than a sterile syringe in the first place, which is quite bizarre.
and everybody asks me, which is the better way, this way or that way?
yet it's one that's rarely asked.
text in another 30 minutes they would reach the theory of relativity. and then?
and three years later, 137 species of birds are living here.
another situation.
now here's a grain of sand that is from the moon, and you can see that the entire crystal structure is still there.
cancer occurs when a single cell in your body acquires a set of random mutations in important genes that cause that cell to start to produce more and more and more copies of itself.
go back to this image of the axe and the mouse, and ask yourself who made them and for who?
senegalese, the young man seated on the wheelchair here, was once a child soldier, under the general's command, until he disobeyed orders, and the general shot off both his legs.
taryn simon exhibits her startling take on photography -- to reveal worlds and people we would never see otherwise. she shares two projects one documents otherworldly locations typically kept secret from the public, the other involves haunting portraits of men convicted for crimes they did not commit.
you've got to do a whole pitch that conveys this without conveying it.
the cornflake hadn't been invented.
well, as we gather here in edinburgh, technocrats appointed by the u.n. and certain governments, with the best intentions, are busying themselves designing a new package of goals, and currently they're doing that through pretty much the same old late-20th-century, top-down, elite, closed process.
i showed you some of the hambone rhythms yesterday; i'm going to be doing some of the same ones.
that was one sentence.
the lottery is an excellent example, of course -- an excellent test-case of people's ability to compute probabilities.
so that might well chime with your view that america is a sort of warmongering military machine, out to overpower the world with its huge industrial-military complex.
but we don't consider the alligator very intelligent, not like in a human sort of way.
ts yes, they're servos with cams that pinch these rubber tubes.
and so we will simulate in that model for your particular cancer -- and this also will be for als, or any kind of system neurodegenerative diseases, things like that -- we will simulate specifically you, not just a generic person, but what's actually going on inside you.
for instance, 47 percent in the variation in whether your friends know each other is attributable to your genes.
14
well, you tore up your trade policy, and totally reversed it.
you see, the folks at the ministry of health, the hospital administrators, the doctors, the nurses -- they are among just five percent of their peers who get an education after secondary school.
and aurora liked to play video games.
these things, among maybe other variables, but these things seem to predict it.
again, a direct reflection from using these processes to develop extremely complicated, very large-scale organisms.
we are liberating u.n. data, some few u.n. organization.
ca what's the bottleneck to preventing this stuff getting from scale?
i take lunch hour.
that is longer than in the usa.
i can't believe that these people, years after my brother had died, helped me answer the question about whether an operation i did, and spent millions of dollars on years ago, worked or not.
this is one of my sons, rayan, who's a scooby doo addict.
if we need, if we see an asteroid that's coming toward us, and it's headed right for us, and we have two years to go, boom we hit it.
we took them away from their newspaper for three days.
but a lot of money has been thrown out at the local level and at the federal level to look at infectious diseases.
you know, commonality, the first line in charles' narration was, the same stars that shine down on russia shine down on the united states. from the sky, our cities look much the same.
i called it serious nonsense because on the serious side, i use a technique of painstaking realism of editorial illustration from when i was a kid. i copied it and i never unlearned it -- it's the only style i know. and it's very kind of staid and formal.
after surgeries for cancer took away my ability to speak, eat or drink, i was forced to enter this virtual world in which a computer does some of my living for me.
we actually have to take samples from the surgical bed, what's left behind in the patient, and then send those bits to the pathology lab.
if you fail the iq test they ask you to leave the country.
here's another kind of prefiguring of epoxy because we've got glutenin and gliadin, neither of which are strong enough to make a good bread.
now, i want you to imagine that i'm stroking it with this.
really when we think of our senses, or when we think of the loss of the sense, we really think about something more like this the ability to touch something luxurious, to taste something delicious, to smell something fragrant, to see something beautiful.
httpwww.ted.comtalksdanpinkonmotivation.html
and even if we are able to find online criminals, quite often there is no outcome.
and look, it has a twin
well, you know the story.
one is the internet, the other is the chinanet.
this is the clonal creosote bush, which is around 12,000 years old.
i would still be on my bad hip. that was so disappointing.
i can touch it. i can play with it.
the left-hand part of the molecule is identical in every single species of bacteria.
should we ridicule the modern seekers of immortality, calling them fools?
no one believed it was done. everyone said, oh, what does nasa think?
and then more sculpting, and then more sculpting, and then more sculpting, and then more sculpting.
everything that we are really stemmed from this period.
well, at this point i just wanted to give these two boys some advice about their pitch.
and they blow two of them up, and they have two gorgeous eight-by-10 glossies of meaningful things to them, and we say, which one would you like to give up?
and the other thing that one should take away from this chart is the very narrow range of time over which humans can claim to be the dominant intelligence on the planet.
inside each spider, there are hundreds of silk glands, sometimes thousands.
ok, i want a vote. come on, come on. no, no.
in a mangrove forest like this i have no idea.
well, throughout the world, if we look at the lights at night, the one thing that's misleading is that, visually, it looks like most of the world is already built out.
do they change their appearance? 15.
when the dog would try to leave the mat, she would say, rover, on the mat, on the mat, on the mat.
now some people have gotten some solace from electrical stimulators that are implanted in the brain.
the only thing my mother told us about him was that his family was very poor.
and this is in peru, where the kids told the story about a river that they cleaned up.
and i propose to bring into this ted conference, as i always do around the world, the voice of the animal kingdom.
now how could you repair this?
if you're creative enough, playful enough, fun enough, can you get through to anybody? yes or no?
pm oh.
john hardy my green school dream
because this didn't want to be a surprise.
you call your friend, she puts her handset in a robot, and, bam you're a mebot -- you can make eye contact, you can talk with your friends, you can move around, you can gesture -- maybe the next best thing to really being there, or is it?
here we have our secrets.
audience february.
but it's worth it.
no violence, no bombs, no guns.
so, what we're going to do next is a poem that was written by nathalia crane.
let me give you a little sense of how this would work.
and in a chemically more complex universe, it's possible to make more things.
we were still back where copernicus was.
and being a pastor, i started reading the bible.
that is not a forecast about how commodity prices go; it's a forecast of the consequences, the long-term consequences, for growth of an increase in prices.
you can't use regular cameras.
well, it has its pluses and minuses.
and he doesn't need spices, because he's got this potpourri of herbs and flavors that his geese love to gorge on.
if they want to mix up a cake, they're doing it by hand.
so because of this, we could deal with the problem simply by stopping reducing emissions, and just as the concentrations go up, we can increase the amount of geo-engineering.
i think it's a great challenge.
what happens when you have a star that's right on the edge of that mass?
that's where i live, and it's my university as well.
every south pole expedition you may have heard about is either flown out from the pole or has used vehicles or dogs or kites to do some kind of crossing -- no one has ever made a return journey. so that's the plan.
turn your head this way; shoot; and you're bound to kill something.
i'm currently a ph.d. student at mit, and i absolutely understand the importance of detailed, specific scientific communication between experts, but not when we're trying to teach 13-year-olds.
and his wife actually took him.
now you've heard of hydrothermal vents, but the other discovery is that deep below the sea floor, there is vast reservoir of microbial activity, which we have only just discovered and we have almost no way to study.
and as david lee roth sang in just a gigolo, i ain't got no body.
the connectome is where nature meets nurture.
our humming will be drumming.
and a couple of other countries which we've invaded.
ca all right. well, thank you so much for your talk. thank you.
so, i've no time to go into all the different scientific results.
and so in our search results, we never accept payment for our search results.
so we're now making several dozen different constructs, because we can vary the cassettes and the genes that go into this artificial chromosome.
it's been working for 20 years to try and eradicate this disease, and it's got it down to these few cases that you can see here on this graphic.
you read blue and you wanted to say blue, even though you knew your task was red.
so it looked as though teacher motivation and teacher migration was a powerfully correlated thing with what was happening in primary schools, as opposed to whether the children have enough to eat, and whether they are packed tightly into classrooms and that sort of thing. it appears that way.
so there's some problem with these metrics now.
it's going to be very simple for us to use.
and based on this illustration, we really convinced ourselves in the field that the brain's making precise predictions and subtracting them off from the sensations.
and the dog's whole hindquarters are a complete open sore.
and a lamp that charles designed for a church.
which venture capitalist in their right mind is going to give you any money to set up a venture competing with microsoft, with microsoft outlook? no one.
and denmark set this beautiful policy; it's called the iq test.
so what do you do when the information is all around you?
it's kind of fun actually.
but if you're a wall street algorithm and you're five microseconds behind, you're a loser.
thank you. bl thank you very much.
and the most important message of roots and shoots is that every single individual makes a difference.
atlassian is an australian software company.
you have a fantastic ear. everybody has a fantastic ear.
what is this?
and another version of this sort of thing is what is often called red tides or toxic blooms.
so last june, the long now board, some staff and some donors and advisors, made a two-week expedition to the mountain to explore it and investigate, one, if it's the right mountain, and two, if it's the right mountain, how it might actually work for us.
it ain't pretty.
so long-distance movement of tools is a sign of trade, not migration.
now, i think that we're on the verge of something big.
now, while as a journalist, miller's archive may have been better written and more carefully curated than most, the fact of the matter is that all of us today are creating an archive that's something completely different than anything that's been created by any previous generation.
it's what the brain regards, itself, as positive and important to you.
so, there is the thought that maybe supermassive black holes exist at the center of galaxies.
what if my roommate knew about the female lawyer who recently went to court in nigeria to challenge a ridiculous law that required women to get their husband's consent before renewing their passports?
so there's a language of light in the deep ocean, and we're just beginning to understand it, and one way we're going about that is we're imitating a lot of these displays.
so, by analyzing this video with computer vision techniques, they were able to drive the facial rig with the computer-generated performance.
we can open up city hall.
it's a program of social rescue and deep cultural transformation designed for the whole venezuelan society with absolutely no distinctions whatsoever, but emphasizing the vulnerable and endangered social groups.
there's a hole here, and i shut this.
for two years, he hardly made any money, a tiny stipend, but he apprenticed with this incredible housing developer named tasneem saddiqui.
i have been basically spending the last few years documenting the efforts of some extremely intrepid men and women who are putting, literally at times, their lives at stake working in some very remote and very hostile places so that they may gather the faintest signals from the cosmos in order for us to understand this universe.
she gets into the car -- she's sitting on two phone books.
my mother told me to take it smaller.
what do people want in their tv then?
it was the clearest i could find.
and this one is difficult because it's all about being able to visualize something that doesn't exist in our physical world.
because can you imagine everything boiling?
we can't relate to her. she speaks in a funny way.
we have collected and conserved a great deal of biological diversity, agricultural diversity, mostly in the form of seed, and we put it in seed banks, which is a fancy way of saying a freezer.
instead, it's folks getting together to do something for fun, rather than because they were told to, or because they were expecting to make a mint off of it.
and this is the true triple bottom line, because we can take neighborhoods that were abandoned and destitute and turn them into something like this with interiors like this.
that's where it is on all the time.
and we certainly should think in the context of a criminal trial that that's unlikely, because of the presumption of innocence.
and that love makes us want to be around him, even now.
any other guesses?
there can be no evolutionary advantage to laying down memories of childhood or perceiving the color of a rose if it doesn't affect the way you're going to move later in life.
and it would be self-illuminated, because now the sun's gone, we have no other source of light -- so let's make our little earth self-illuminated.
that's a lot of women who don't get justice.
if you think that, you've forgotten high school.
the other group of the physicians, they said, yesterday when you reviewed the case you discovered there were two medications you didn't try out yet, ibuprofen and piroxicam.
now, that seems so recent. why didn't we start to leave earlier?
so what i'd like to show you now, in the couple of minutes i have left, is a film that a student made in guatemala.
david perry the thing again i want you to think about is, don't look at these graphics and think of that's the way it is.
this is how paul did it. he did it with his iphone.
and he got me challenged to figure out an optical illusion room.
sad picture.
well real organized crime on the internet goes back about 10 years when a group of gifted ukrainian hackers developed a website, which led to the industrialization of cybercrime.
i think margaret mead said it best.
and it's very present in a crowd like you.
perhaps build some schoolrooms.
one group of monkeys gets an apple, they're pretty happy.
but what i'm going to tell you about today is how these tissues make awesome models.
so again, they don't have to be weight; they could be a general trying to move troops, and he's got to move an aircraft carrier versus a little boat.
and then, you're now, well, actually, that's what this is about.
and then i said, it's bad, right?
we are a nine through 12 public school, but we do school quite differently.
but larry page made an impassioned speech at our organizing meeting, saying we should devote this study to actually addressing some of the major challenges facing humanity.
she goes, what about dogs?
and i came in half an hour beforehand so i could have it put on and kind of get used to it, and they got it bent so it's not hitting my chin.
well on september 4th, there was a huge mop-up campaign, which is what you do in polio.
what's going to happen is, we're going to have kids that have a life less long than our own.
and they're here for a very short time, october, november, december. that's it.
it's one of the great cultural tragedies that we remember, even today.
and we talk about different ideas -- he had this idea that he thought music should be from the heart.
and he sees the maggots, and the maggots are kind of looking a little cute.
i'd go up and learn these old songs from her.
watch how shiny the skin is; you can see my reflection there.
admittedly, his first wife cited in her divorce papers that he once threatened her with a knife and said he always wondered what human flesh tasted like, but people say stupid things to each other in bad marriages in the heat of an argument and his second marriage has lasted 41 years.
and also, it does some fun stuff, as can imagine.
and i remember years later, i was writing about my mother, and i asked her, why did you cry then?
well, this is a picture of it.
myshkin ingawale a blood test without bleeding
that was my mantra.
this is very substantial.
what will we find as we map the living world, as, finally, we get this underway seriously?
more tomorrow. i also have pictures coming of the library for those of you that have asked for pictures.
this was the primary use we saw for twitter from the beginning, and what got us excited.
so i really hope our global audiences two acknowledgments before our first data slide for inspiring me to even think about the idea of conscience and the tricks that conscience can play on us on a daily basis, i thank legendary rabbi, jack stern.
the rest here is good -- the rest is good.
the zapper creates a magnetic field to counteract that.
so for a lot of reasons, those decades after the second world war were an historically anomalous time.
and here's a video of joseph.
democracies make even more of a mess of these resource booms than autocracies.
you're done, and you celebrate.
so i guess both susan boyle and this vegetable vendor in shanghai belonged to otherness.
quite why he had to pin her fingers to the floor with her brooch, i'm not sure. it seems a bit extreme to me.
and at top of that pyramid, it's calculus.
so now i'm no longer trying to figure out what i'm going to do; i'm trying to figure out how i'm going to get out of this room.
one third of americans.
this is really a change, that you have this lag of more or less 30, 40 years' difference on the health.
and she's still talking while she puts the car in park, hits the emergency brake, opens the door, and with a spryness astounding in a woman her age, she jumps out of the car, knocks out the phone books, and then she walks around -- she's carrying her cheap kmart purse with her -- around the front of the car.
well, i don't like the term benevolent dictator, and i don't think that it's my job or my role in the world of ideas to be the dictator of the future of all human knowledge compiled by the world.
we truly believe this is going to be the very first running humanoid robot in the united states. so, stay tuned.
and i grabbed this book off, and i'm sitting on the couch going, i know what i'm going to do.
the point about democracy is not that it delivers legitimate, effective, prosperous rule of law.
now, that's a variety of things, from recently deceased bodies, to a skeleton that was used by student radiographers to train in taking x-rays of the human body, at different densities.
but in my first 25 years of career, i had a bunch of different experiences.
there are 500 of these machines; they're worth about 200,000 dollars each.
it will also transform the way traders do business.
and so the collective effect of all of that has been this marginalization of lots and lots of jobs.
so that's what we've done.
i'm doing a lot; most of my talk is subconscious; it has been rehearsed and thought about a lot.
no, general. you can't pay me. i've been paid.
how do we begin to weave these tapestries together?
because there is no profit in it.
and they were very closely associated.
it's got little dressing rooms and cabanas, where lots of interesting things went on, all summer long.
school food is something that most kids -- 31 million a day, actually -- have twice a day, more than often, breakfast and lunch, 180 days of the year.
okay. so ...
so, what doesn't work, in terms of getting your issue to be important?
so these are the judgments i showed you before, people's normal moral judgments.
now, when these things blow up, they're not going to do global ecological damage.
here was an army that had just had experience in the first world war, where millions of men fought each other in the trenches, getting nowhere, making no progress, and here someone had come up with a device that allowed them to fly up in the skies high above enemy territory and destroy whatever they wanted with pinpoint accuracy.
so -- someone's done that up.
in biosphere 2 i totally understood that i had a huge impact on my biosphere, everyday, and it had an impact on me, very viscerally, very literally.
so i'm specifically interested in how we, as humans, relate to ourselves, each other and the world around us.
it's the application of massive-scale data collection analysis to the study of human culture.
for instance, in the last half-century, more girls were discriminated to death than all the people killed on all the battlefields in the 20th century.
here's some numbers.
the patients, bless them, say, ah, doc, i'm sorry, i've got a memory problem; that's why i'm here.
this reiteration is a huge flying buttress that comes out the tree itself.
one tool we reach for is rules.
and this is what newton talked about 400 years back, that white light's made of seven colors, just by spinning this around.
you see it came down there.
the other thing is, most boats, when they reach a certain speed, and they are going on waves, they start to hit and slap on the surface of the water, and a lot of the energy moving forward is lost.
so it has neither the resources, nor the incentives, to hook up many other users.
the provisions in the agreement may be complex, but so is the underlying conflict.
at 1139 a.m. was this one.
the fifth thing is that maybe, after 2,500 years, plato is still having his way with us in his notion of perfect forms.
which is why, in part, donor agencies provide condoms at low or no cost.
but your health decisions are the same.
let's go up to 2008.
but they can show you how to build things in sequence.
however, i've found that listening to a computer voice for any great length of time can be monotonous.
here's a really cool problem. i like this.
and it makes me think of this.
and what we're finding is actually, even at the brain biochemical level, we are quite similar.
and the rest of the year they're free to roam around eduardo's land and eat what they want.
these dots here represent some of the english-speaking world's feelings from the last few hours, each dot being a single sentence stated by a single blogger.
and on the left are the cutting machines, which then, in the factory, enable those individual pieces to be fabricated and plus or minus very, very few millimeters, to be slotted together on site.
what do you think about that scene?
i got to drive this with a chaperone from the company, a professional race car driver, and we drove around the canyons outside of los angeles and down on the pacific coast highway.
i said, no, i follow little old women around parking lots to see if they'll stop. yes, it's my mother
some people say, i only believed in remembering the past, imagining the future, never the present.
glenn gould, 1955.
please keep your back straight, etc., etc., etc. -- where i was probably just going to end up absolutely rigid, frozen, and i would not be able to strike the drum, because i was thinking of so many other things -- he said, evelyn, take this drum away for seven days, and i'll see you next week.
my last word to you is a statement i believe in, which egyptians have proven to be true, that the power of the people is much stronger than the people in power.
two months later, something incredible happens.
because i just keep thinking of going that fast and having your whole face smushed backwards.
and what if we could get exquisite control over the essence of energy, the electron?
and you're not hearing the same thing that most people who have normal hearing are hearing.
and a coordination cost is essentially all of the financial or institutional difficulties in arranging group output.
and so we can discover things that probably you could have found by looking at enough of your relatives, but they may be surprising.
and we couldn't think of anything necessarily to sell, but we did all the necessary research.
so i did a review of ethical dilemma and value conflicts and management research, wrote, read about 100 papers.
ed ulbrich, the digital-effects guru from digital domain, explains the oscar-winning technology that allowed his team to digitally create the older versions of brad pitt's face for the curious case of benjamin button.
they didn't get in as much trouble. they were better students.
so that's why violence has always been around and will be around unless we have a consciousness change as a species.
and even if they could have access to the banking infrastructure, they wouldn't necessarily be considered viable customers, because they're not wealthy enough to have bank accounts.
i happen to believe that libya was necessary and that military intervention in afghanistan was also necessary.
there's actually ambiguous evidence as to whether you find reciprocity in other animals, but the evidence for people could not be clearer.
it's not civically rich enough for them to go down there.
so she pulled up the cd of the scan images, and look at all those hot spots.
art,arts,creativity,design,poetry,software,technology
these things are faint.
keep your seats -- it's going to be okay.
turns out they're identical.
never has this number been so high, but actually this is good news, because what it means is people stop dying.
hand-to-mouth is 2.6 trillion.
it all feeds in as minute reinforcement.
so people really do learn a language.
if it's between tone and color, you get tone-color synesthesia.
but wilkins said no. rosalind franklin was leaving in about two months, and after she left he would start building models.
so often, seven days a week. family business equals child labor.
and again, here are some of the lessons.
and you know what?
there are remarkably smooth exponential curves that govern price performance, capacity, bandwidth.
and the young women in the village spoke up and said, we've changed our dream.
it was chaos.
in the 1970s and 1980s, a generous spirit suffused the internet, whose users were few and far between. but today, the net is ubiquitous, connecting billions of people, machines and essential pieces of infrastructure -- leaving us vulnerable to cyber-attack or meltdown. internet pioneer danny hillis argues that the internet wasn't designed for this kind of scale, and sounds a clarion call for us to develop a plan b a parallel system to fall back on if -- or when -- the internet crashes.
but in fact, i would argue that we've just done an experiment here and now, which shows us that the global need for corrective eyewear is around half of any population.
but instead of a bellows, i had a leaf blower.
except, of course, it wasn't the sheep's cleverness.
this is a subset of data from our database -- just 50,000 out of several million -- and the social graph that connects them through publicly available sources.
the year is 2010.
the mende sons of bastards.
and i guess we were sharing -- we had that regular life of the only independent media in the country, operating in hostile environment, where government really wants to make your life miserable.
they buy it, they dry it and they bring it to this factory, which was purchased in part by, again, patient capital from novartis, who has a real interest in getting the powder so that they can make coartem.
like a wide-eyed kid, i'd say, why is that?
we went about getting evidence of what was going on.
now it's a reversed thing. you're telling the story. and you're telling the story.
here's where i come from. i grew up in hong kong, with six million people in 40 square miles.
frogs.
and in scandinavian countries, fathers' income is much less important.
no stories around the campfire.
and those bumps are hydrophilic; they attract water.
the wind will move feathers on their back, which will drive their feet.
so that's what made me enter the college of arts after three attempts and just continue to inquire what i really want to do with art work, or art and finally i'm here in front of you.
my grandfather lived most of his life and is buried in zambia.
i kept pushing to 10 minutes. at 10 minutes you start getting all these really strong tingling sensations in your fingers and toes.
and i title things because i think people speak in organic poems, and this is called a mirror to her mouth.
straight up through the courtyard into a little window into the attic, where somebody is working at the drawing board.
but this piece is due out in may.
it failed.
the only rule of perspective that i think matters is if it looks believable, you've succeeded.
and he went on to say, these differences do not coincide with corresponding differences in climate.
i just want to say good afternoon, good evening.
my father was kind of like andy grove, paranoid of the competition.
my career path led me to become a computational neuroscientist, so in my day job, i create computer models of the brain to try to understand how the brain makes predictions, how the brain makes decisions, how the brain learns and so on.
at tedglobal university, shereen el feki shows how some arab cultures are borrowing trademarks of western pop culture -- music videos, comics, even barbie -- and adding a culturally appropriate twist. the hybridized media shows how two civilizations, rather than dividing, can dovetail.
httpwww.ted.comtalksrobinchaseonzipcarandhernextbigidea.html
i started out showing how much we had distressed the monterey bay ecosystem with pollution and the canning industry and all of the attendant problems.
two great texts, what about the politics?
i can tell you indeed it is, because this type of spectrum, just like what you've seen in books, and just like what you've seen in amino acids, it doesn't really matter how you change the environment, it's very robust; it's going to reflect the environment.
but what about the conductor? what can you say the conductor was doing, actually?
cigarette break outside -- i don't smoke.
but there are people -- women -- creating jobs.
and nowhere do we see that more clearly than in the european union, whose 27 member countries speak 23 official languages.
back to -- everything's so temporary.
my sister and i grew up here, and we had quiet, happy childhoods.
they have all kinds of little strategies to keep from overeating, which, as you know, is a big problem here in america.
they had to be larger than life.
sebastian's teaching another class now.
we're all unwitting victims of a collective blind spot.
and i'd like to talk about that, because that's really curious.
we can't stop our kids from using it.
i didn't show you how to do that.
i was probably being a little extreme.
and so why don't we go and click the video.
so under that basis, we put it out and said, look, we're skeptical about this thing.
and this forest is quite different.
and every note, every beat, every slur, every accent, every pedal was perfect, because he played it for that room on that day.
so for example, take the jewish idea of forgiveness.
there's a new microbe, i just discovered it.
they're going to learn from whatever it is they have around them.
i go, you just arrived at the w? no, i just arrived in doha, sir.
it also works for transmitting and communicating data.
and to the extent you believe i didn't shrink the lines, which i didn't, i've proven to you that your eyes were deceiving you.
and i came for them, and that's my goal.
so, the four-wheel drive vehicles at the headquarters drive the ministers, the permanent secretaries, the bureaucrats and the international aid bureaucrats who work in aid projects, while the poor die without ambulances and medicine.
and there's an old story about cake mixes.
people who are vcs or angels investing in you have had experience and they'd like to know that you want to hear that experience.
the thing, i think, to remember, is september 11.
anyway, what i did was i decided that i need to take a break.
evolution's the same thing. we taught our kids, well, the bible says, you know, god created all these species, cats are cats, dogs are dogs, people are people, plants are plants, they don't change.
just as the poets and writers described, we're going to be able to see, i think, that wondrous openness, utter and complete openness, of the mind of a child.
it's a sacred rock, and when people circle something together, they unite, they can trust each other, they become one.
man you know how expensive those are.
they didn't think that that was going to work there.
when you hear clicks, we're turning the machine on.
and that is what linked data is all about.
and we, therefore, have a problem, because they escape traditional diplomacy.
i'm going to argue tonight that compassion and the golden rule are, in a certain sense, built into human nature.
and then, finally, a programmer that will set the level of the stimulation, which is the level which says you are having a heart attack.
which was another insane idea, obviously.
i think it would be a better world.
and i've always felt bad about it, in a sense.
as you see this clip, look for principles, and also think about experiments that you might design in order to understand how a foot works.
or is it something absolutely trivial, like a piece of lint, or a piece of chalk, or a -- i don't want to point to that, but -- or a shoe, or something like that? ok?
thus, he uses his own suffering as a doorway to widening his circle of compassion.
if you give them stem cells as well as their bypass, for these particular patients, they became asymptomatic.
and everyone kind of sat at the table.
but we do know that the self-organization trend throughout the universe is long, and it began with things like galaxies; they maintained their order for billions of years.
instead you get near it.
ca but you haven't fully worked out the web mechanisms, etc.
and so the question becomes how do we discharge that responsibility?
well, i'd like to separate the sheep from the wolves.
so as an example, here's a word.
and we developed techniques to dive inside and under the iceberg, such as heating pads on our kidneys with a battery that we dragged around, so that, as the blood flowed through our kidneys, it would get a little boost of warmth before going back into our bodies.
the ottoman empire's not that far from europe, but there's no scientific revolution there.
in general we don't try to please the customer here.
and what gruber found was that darwin had the full theory of natural selection for months and months and months before he had his alleged epiphany, reading malthus in october of 1838.
and it was inspired by my uncle's peculiar habit of constantly asking me to do things for him, almost like i were an extension of his body -- to turn on the lights or to bring him a glass of water, a pack of cigarettes.
but we hold them in san francisco -- -- and in new york.
the image reminded me of a cave painting, and echoed how primitive we still are in so many ways.
and i'm making all those kinds of windows.
and you can't just draw them arbitrarily.
you can't get rid of waste.
lucy mcrae how can technology transform the human body?
so, this is sort of a comment on the time.
if 10 seconds goes by and they haven't made a deal, they get nothing.
because there is this asymmetry, which creates, basically, failing governance.
return of fish men.
i'll talk about vision here briefly. this is a picture of a woman.
but who is this person?
this is really the tip of the iceberg.
envy, it's a real taboo to mention envy, but if there is one dominant emotion in modern society, that is envy.
well i say we have to stop thinking about the number of ipods per capita and start thinking about ways in which we can empower intellectuals, dissidents, ngos and then the members of civil society.
so i'm preparing to get alzheimer's disease.
and they are good, scientific, robust answers.
she's standing behind me at the time and she says, dean, chuck hasn't fed himself in 19 years.
then i couldn't participate for a few years.
you may not have the money; you may not have the supreme court; but that is not the defining factor.
we are actually trying to measure this profile and to detect thorium.
still, today, armed with that knowledge that ordinary people in the community can be trained and, with sufficient supervision and support, can deliver a range of health care interventions effectively, perhaps that promise is within reach now.
now, you can try to keep it all inside with drink and drugs and cigarettes, but you know that's not going to get you where you want to get.
and that is why they are so very troubling to so many people who would pull back in fear.
who prefers the whole-meal bread?
in just a two-minute span of time done for 21 days in a row, we can actually rewire your brain, allowing your brain to actually work more optimistically and more successfully.
but the girl does not budge, does not smile, does not frown.
that's how bioluminescence works -- they're talking with these chemical words.
i have been living and teaching in the gulf for over 30 years.
and oldenburg, who i work with a little once in a while, told me i couldn't do it, and so that made it even more exciting.
you don't always use them for that. people fish with them.
more recently, somebody even 3d-printed thom yorke's head, which is a little creepy, but pretty cool.
and yet, somehow, within about two hours, the problem was fixed.
like ted, i believe in people.
ed boyden shows how, by inserting genes for light-sensitive proteins into brain cells, he can selectively activate or de-activate specific neurons with fiber-optic implants. with this unprecedented level of control, he's managed to cure mice of analogs of ptsd and certain forms of blindness. on the horizon neural prosthetics. session host juan enriquez leads a brief post-talk qa.
it's so simple, so dry.
i hope you enjoyed mathemagics. thank you.
these are hugely powerful forces that define what we want and how we view ourselves.
that's what technology is bringing us choices, possibilities, freedoms.
right? and immediately, he got into trouble with the local clergy who said, you can't make a vacuum.
we see them as the domain of supernatural creatures like the djinn, who are made of smokeless fire and are the symbol of elusiveness.
some of my reporters were arrested.
so, we're talking about things like inflatable liners that can conform to the complex topological shape on the inside of a cave, foamed-in-place airlocks to deal with this complex topology, various ways of getting breathing gases made from the intrinsic materials of these bodies.
we need to be able to imagine going back and making a different choice, and then we need to be able to kind of spool this imaginary record forward and imagine how things would be playing out in our present.
we're also trying to collect our information and become more technologically literate.
that's kind of the level at which it is.
but with technology, we can actually do things that are beyond our capabilities.
we're moving towards persistent identity.
now, the fundamental idea is that twitter lets people share moments of their lives whenever they want, be they momentous occasions or mundane ones.
if you live in new york, you know how the bike messengers move.
and they, according to the research, make the best business leaders.
and we're getting there.
now what i like about this video is it's actually a video of the first time they ever danced together because of his lead. he had a strong lead.
in china for example, one mid-level employee initiated the largest social action competition in china, involving more than 1,000 schools in china, working on issues such as education, poverty, health care and the environment.
keyloggers silently sit on your computer, hidden from view, and they record everything you type.
there's a false sense of security.
and so every time that desire to interact with the animals, which is at least as ubiquitous as that sign do not feed the animals.
and then 20 miles down the road is groveland, and that's where all the wisconsin beekeepers go.
the dominant things that exist here we know almost nothing about.
and remarkable is a really cool word because we think it just means neat, but it also means -- worth making a remark about.
and the talmud saw this a long time ago, saying, we see things not as they are, but as we are.
you don't look like debbie reynolds.
so we need new policies, we need -- where's that coming from, you know?
l-dopa increases dopamine.
they can sense the magnetic fields of the earth.
and the archetype of this in buddhism is avalokiteshvara, kuan-yin.
you have on your left an olive oil droplet, and this olive oil droplet gets attacked by enzymes.
to work with the positive and negative in a different way.
this guy has thrashed me at my own game.
people are going to take away my beautiful, paper dictionaries?
what's going on there?
you weren't there, don't start.
erez lieberman aiden everyone knows that a picture is worth a thousand words.
and my skull's crushed and my collar bone is crushed; all but two of my ribs, my pelvis and both arms -- they're all crushed, but there is still a pulse.
bottom-up,business,collaboration,culture,economics,innovation,invention,media,open-source,product design,sports,technology
over the years we've put so much in society into being able to process and think logically. it's part of human society.
it was a photograph, not of space-time, but of an eclipse, with a dot there rather than there.
beauty? i don't think i know what beauty is.
today these low prices are available in the 25 countries where we work, and in a total of 62 countries, and about 550,000 people are getting the benefits of them.
timothy prestero design for people, not awards
first of all, look at the shape -- it's just wonderful to look at.
the point of this story is that trusting too much in the feeling of being on the correct side of anything can be very dangerous.
we have a huge part of our brain dedicated to vision -- bigger than dedicated to anything else.
they also pollute their next-door neighbors.
the gerontology approach looks much more promising on the surface, because, you know, prevention is better than cure.
more recently, because the cost of letting groups communicate with each other has fallen through the floor -- and communication costs are one of the big inputs to coordination -- there has been a second answer, which is to put the cooperation into the infrastructure, to design systems that coordinate the output of the group as a by-product of the operating of the system, without regard to institutional models.
because it was wartime, the british .303 rifle was just all over the whole country.
i think generally, we were talking about this -- i think that generally being present in a virtual world and being challenged by it, being -- surviving there, having a good life there, so to speak, is a challenge because of the multiculturality of it, because of the languages, because of the entrepreneurial richness of it, the sort of flea market nature, if you will, of the virtual world today.
so, the last thing we did, very quickly, is i took all those wish balloons -- there were 117 interviews, 117 wishes -- and i brought them up to a place called dochula, which is a mountain pass in bhutan, at 10,300 feet, one of the more sacred places in bhutan.
so here's what it looks like.
now there's the more urban middle-class pious muslims who, again, look at their tradition and see that there are some problems in the tradition, and they understand that they need to be changed and questioned and reformed.
and we thought, sustainability has grown into being this sort of neo-protestant idea that it has to hurt in order to do good.
so this is really what we're doing.
it deteriorates so quickly in the tropics that we've had to put this special vaccine monitor on every single vial so that it will change very quickly when it's exposed to too much heat, and we can tell that it's not a good vaccine to use on a child -- it's not potent; it's not going to protect them.
we are fortunate that the new urbanists were there, for the last 10 years, excavating all that information that was thrown in the garbage by our parents' generation after world war ii.
it really changed my life totally.
now you and i could argue that they probably did not need to touch her breasts.
but we can look at how well we're doing by thinking about how well we're doing building machines which can do what humans can do.
evolution,medicine,paleontology,science
this perspective is a really powerful one for designers, because you can bring on principles of ecology, and a really important principle of ecology is dispersal, the way organisms move around.
it's about designing, not appearance, but experience, so that we have spaces that sound as good as they look, that are fit for purpose, that improve our quality of life, our health and well being, our social behavior and our productivity.
but there is also the potential to allow people to move directly from the outside, in this case suggesting kind of wagnerian entrance, into the interior of the auditorium.
so we can pass these around.
thank you.
and saying whatever you like, i think, is powerful.
it's great to be a kid.
i called it working in the same direction.
when you look at elementary-school children, we have hundreds and hundreds of millions of children around the world that could benefit tremendously from being able to be connected to the internet.
i thought about the characteristics of first industrial revolution, t1, as we practiced it at interface, and it had the following characteristics.
i'm sure you've all seen or heard this before we, the willing, have been doing so much with so little for so long -- -- we are now qualified to do anything with nothing.
it's an incredible opportunity.
we are not even on the list when it comes to our responsibility for the health of this democracy.
so they're quite beautiful, but they're beautiful because they're so smart and economical.
it's sort of surfing on a magnetic field at the crest of a wave.
now, if we do this, i believe we can go back 50 years and start reinjecting agency, social engineering, back into architecture.
the same countries, the same measure of inequality, one problem after another.
but i'm going to need you to just sit for like 10 minutes and hold a woman who is not here.
but that's not actually what's happening right now.
and i've been asking myself, what is emma going to experience in the video game world?
and finally, i had received a document that i had accomplished my apprenticeship successfully, that i had behaved morally, and this document was given to me by the guild of roof-coverers, rail-diggers, oven-setters, chimney sweeps and potters.
and everyone should open a beehive, because it is the most amazing, incredible thing.
i'm putting the data together now, and at some point -- there will always be magic to love, but i think i will come closer to understanding why it is you can walk into a room and everybody is from your background, your same general level of intelligence, your same general level of good looks, and you don't feel pulled towards all of them.
so this is the closest you can get to kind of seeing at least the effects of the dark matter with your naked eye.
or the blowfish.
and even though steven passed away three years ago we had an amazing journey as a family.
as e.o. wilson accepts his 2007 ted prize, he makes a plea on behalf of all creatures that we learn more about our biosphere -- and build a networked encyclopedia of all the world's knowledge about life.
tiny, little word, 33 numbered definitions.
and we calculated that some 300,000 tons of grain was left in the fields to rot in early 2002.
i mentioned that for all three kinds of lives, the pleasant life, the good life, the meaningful life, people are now hard at work on the question, are there things that lastingly change those lives?
the asperger guy. and if you were to get rid of all the autism genetics there would be no more silicon valley, and the energy crisis would not be solved.
by why, i mean what's your purpose?
and i was getting more nervous.
i know that as you have been peering into the future, and as we've heard some of it here tonight, i would like to live in that age and see what is going to be.
and in the three months that this project has been public, it's been downloaded over half a million times.
activism,global issues,humanity,nuclear weapons,peace
many of you, i think, have probably trekked here.
we get to write the script of the next revolution in surgery.
she got infected with hiv, and towards the end of her life, when she was in the final stages of aids, she could not prostitute, so she sold four-year-old pranitha to a broker.
it works a little something like -- this is a recent google search for four in the morning.
and she said, tell all the nurses that i have charles bonnet syndrome.
thanks a lot.
and then you meet people that have been through ultimate pain -- psychologically, sexually, spiritually, emotionally abused -- and not always, but often, they become some of the people that contribute the most to society.
they hold on to them, and it eventually kills them.
and for a lot of us, they're as close as we have yet to always-on, widely available information tools.
evan williams is just dying on stage here at ted.
that one on the right is about five feet high.
this is something no self-respecting photographer would ever do -- you put some cheesy illustration on your shot, right? -- and yet you have to do it sometimes to narrate these points.
so it spawns itself.
961
i do not know, but i hope that i will live to see that day, because finding an entire human connectome is one of the greatest technological challenges of all time.
extract geometry from the images.
if you focus in on a group like this -- this happens to be a usc game -- and you zoom in with one of those super satellite cameras and do magnification factors so you could see individual people, you would in fact see not a single crowd, just like there is not a single crowd here, but you would see these tribes that are then coming together.
so, what we end up with is a microbial zoo dominated by bacteria and jellyfish, as you see on the left in front of you.
number two -- own a pocketknife.
and the makers of this thing were really enthusiastic.
bharat also conquered the world.
maybe that person who worships at the mosque, or the church or the synagogue, down the street.
now, we all know the song love is like oxygen. you get too much, you get too high. not enough, and you're going to die.
so our model is learn math the way you'd learn anything, like the way you would learn a bicycle.
so let's see what's really going on here.
in his memoirs, long road to freedom, he wrote that he survived during those years of captivity because he always decided to look upon his oppressor as also being a human being, also being a human being.
you can see fibromyalgia, hiv, als, depression.
so it wasn't about symmetry.
so, for example, here is a real network of college students at an elite northeastern university.
without this ability there is no magic.
soon food became scarce, with many dutch surviving on just 500 calories a day -- a quarter of what they consumed before the war.
httpwww.ted.comtalkscliffordstolloneverything.html
and a few days later, i was practicing on a single tightrope.
i love to draw the deep sea fish, because they are so ugly, but beautiful in their own way.
and i remember coming up from one of these deep dives, and i had this fog, and the narcosis takes a little while to, you know, fade away.
nobody else saw this but i found it in a book, and i found a link to a page that describes it, and i'm going to clean it up tomorrow, so please don't delete it, then it would survive.
698
and then, finally, that is our network.
you can step on the scale.
let me show you the weight-shifting mobile.
we're certainly a polluting, wasteful, aggressive species, with a few nice things thrown in, perhaps.
it will replace or be able to be used for that.
funds for education, for training and for rehabilitation are declining, so this despairing cycle of incarceration continues.
if you're 50 to 60 we want you to work two years more.
in other words, it is theoretically possible that before too long we will be biotechnologically capable of creating human beings that glow in the dark.
you just put up, just as one of your numbers there, that 5,000 -- is that the number?
we can violate your expectations on representation -- what an image represents. what do you see here?
so i thought i'd see how that goes.
and if you give them drugs that are dopamine antagonists, they go away.
you're impatient with things that don't resolve quickly.
i don't think it has much to do with 50 or 60 or 70 or 80 thousand new office spaces, regardless of what the number is.
i see it in our business leaders.
so by 1985 -- each of those red bombs up here is equivalent of a thousands warheads -- the world had 65,000 nuclear warheads, and seven members of something that came to be known as the nuclear club.
we need, for instance, to bring in radiant cooling technology, and we need to combine this with so-called soft conditioning.
this red dot marks the great basin of north america, and i'm involved with an alpine biodiversity project there with some collaborators.
and i was sure that it was going to be great for democracy and for our society.
africa has received many opportunities.
see but again, i told you, i don't have to worry with that.
more significant than what they eat is how they eat it.
and he said, well, we should meet first, before we decide anything.
i'm with the little lady. damn
arvind gupta turning trash into toys for learning
and the logic of our experiment was simple.
now, a historian tells me it's even more difficult to predict about the past.
and again, it's this incredibly exciting animal.
i was going to talk about information ecology.
this is a 78 year-old man who's lost the end of his fingertip.
after leaving aims, i went on to do a master's in applied mathematics at the university of cape town in south africa.
and how they're distributed really contributes to their underlying function.
freedom
this is a european society with literate records, so we know a good deal about the people and their motivation.
this is a parchment music page that i found in a paris bookstall 50 years ago.
we had to figure out how to lower the radiation dose, and we have spent the last three years making modifications to every aspect of the imaging system to allow this.
-- that we've taken this pop icon and we have just tweaked her a little bit to become an ambassador who can carry the message that being a woman scientist studying treetops is actually a really great thing.
you're aware of the perhaps apocryphal wal-mart stampede over the 30-dollar dvd.
and she serves it that way time and time again, and if you quarrel with her, she will say, you know what? you're wrong this is the best way it ought to be in this restaurant.
and what this has allowed is the creation of origami-on-demand.
it used to be called rapid prototyping, rapid modeling.
there's no longevity diet.
children can sleep through the night; the house looks beautiful; you hang them in the window.
and something i realized quite early on was that the chinese language forced me to speak about and -- in fact, more fundamentally than that -- ever so slightly forced me to think about family in very different ways.
and the basic idea is that there's this law of attraction, and your thoughts have this vibrating energy that goes out into the universe and then you attract good things to happen to you.
we could look across time at the same people -- people, for example, who were genetically vulnerable to schizophrenia -- and ask what the contribution of mothering, of genetics are, and we could isolate third variables by doing experiments on the mental illnesses.
so we have trouble with the risks that aren't very common.
haven't heard back yet from sec on all the details, but do you say, do you want to help participate in this, provide the money that they need?
and i think the answer to that is always going to be at least driven to a certain extent by the people initially crazy enough to start the project, you know.
and i started to train.
now, i know absolutely nothing about mayan ceramics, but i wanted to be as ingratiating as possible so i said, but dr. robicsek, this is absolutely dazzling.
actually, i think it's a great way to teach kids about evolutionary biology and developmental biology and all sorts of things.
but if on this side there is somebody who says, i'm worried. i'm anxious. i'm depressed.
i'll only just say a couple of things, and then go on to sex and love.
we got the right to go back to first principles -- that's the third diagram. we recombined everything.
he had been faced with desperate circumstances.
it would only cost 16 billion to set up 20 percent of the ocean as marine protected areas that actually give new living choices to the fishermen as well.
the thing about computers is, i love computers.
why do you hate writing, son? what's wrong with writing?
so basically, china is a sick bric country.
we admire them, and we fear them, and yet, as man, we want to steal their power.
at minute 12 i started to have ringing in my ears, and i started to feel my arm going numb.
as we move past the relatively gigantic mammals, birds, frogs and plants to the more elusive insects and other small invertebrates and then beyond to the countless millions of organisms in the invisible living world enveloped and living within humanity?
so as you move vertically away from this surface, the heat falls off.
it happened to be this guy.
now the acorn is associated with the oak tree, of course -- grows into an oak tree, which is associated with abraham.
you create 10 variations on that one.
and so we saw an opportunity to bring design as this untouched tool, something that bertie county didn't otherwise have, and to be sort of the -- to usher that in as a new type of tool in their tool kit.
didn't -- weren't you just terrible at school?
miracles are just events that are extremely improbable.
and this cumulative cultural adaptation, as anthropologists call this accumulation of ideas, is responsible for everything around you in your bustling and teeming everyday lives.
and we didn't really know what to do, so we called her into my office.
this will be the first building in the united states that took -- well, i can't say it took the air conditioning out. it's a hybrid.
they were the co-authors of a book called manifesta.
try to imagine a world where the only goal is food and a shelter, but no stories.
because we talk about it in big terms, and you wonder, you know, so what?
but really, it's pretty robust.
now i have all of those ropes parallel like this.
it's shaping a new way of being.
so audio is possible to put up, but the rights issues are really pretty thorny.
we're human beings we love complex things.
i do want to talk -- the absolute icing on this cemetery cake is the barricini family mausoleum nearby.
you know if you look at the development in the west over 200 years, the average growth may have been about two percent.
well, we decided to connect these two worlds -- the world of the companies with their water footprints and the world of the farmers with their senior water rights on these creeks.
but they react to foreground sounds. you'll hear that in a second.
the public self, the beauty, the intellect, and she walked around and talked to every person there and then went back into the room and was never seen again.
i mean they have much larger vocabulary.
fifty-six percent of the parliamentarians are women, which is fantastic, and there's also within the national constitution now, you're actually not allowed to say hutu or tutsi.
and this gives you an idea.
your brain is learning. and it's learning that the right side of its visual field is under red illumination; the left side of its visual field is under green illumination.
and one of the other things that i said to her through the translator -- again, this thing about saying stop -- was to not pay attention to me.
and in the information era we all live in today, what we might call the ted age, i'd say that countries are increasingly being judged by a global public that's been fed on an incessant diet of internet news, of televised images, of cellphone videos, of email gossip.
and i heard him, i heard all the words.
the indigenous people around the world, before they made a major decision, used to sit around and ask themselves, how does this decision affect our people seven generations ahead?
basically they went to the ballot boxes to tell that they have nobody to vote for.
what's the minimum amount of words you would need to do a tedtalk?
what's important for today's talk is that we know that there are hundreds of behaviors that bacteria carry out in these collective fashions.
and this idea that there is more to love, more to design, when it gets down to your neighbor, your other, it can be physical like this, and maybe in the future it will be.
i've lost all faith in the media -- a hapless joke i would much rather laugh at than become a part of.
and i'll never forget how, like, but -- i'll never forget how, like, he had a sudden situation with his -- he had an aneurysm.
the monkey actually mastered the task in about 700 practice tries.
so one answer was george clooney.
without it, a script is just words.
and we encourage anybody to join this effort.
it'll go this way for sure.
and so these weights change.
and because i could no longer identify the boundaries of my body, i felt enormous and expansive.
using simple, delightful illustrations, designer stefan sagmeister shares his latest thinking on happiness -- both the conscious and unconscious kind. his seven rules for life and design happiness can apply to everyone seeking more joy.
this is the 1950s.
and it randomly generates points within a three-dimensional matrix.
so, no amount of backpedaling or intentional behavior or political behavior is going to keep these technology changes from connecting us together, because the basic motive that people have -- to be creative and entrepreneurial -- is going to drive energy into these virtual worlds in the same way that it has with the web.
mike rowe, the host of dirty jobs, tells some compelling real-life job stories. listen for his insights and observations about the nature of hard work, and how its been unjustifiably degraded in society today.
that ambition that had allowed him to laboriously educate himself by himself, to go through that string of political failures and the darkest days of the war.
you do your bit. everybody else does theirs.
dj so what our investigations have shown is that these lions are essential.
i want to talk about three particular people that i've met, vagina warriors, who really transformed my understanding of this whole principle and species, and one is a woman named marsha lopez.
eduardo is doing what he calls natural foie gras.
so he says, if i'm -- if i'm responsible for mozart, this is going to be the only story to be told.
zero does not speak, is neither man nor woman.
in order to do this, it's a lot of hardware and software that runs in a very high resolution.
so, i was about nine, and my uncle had just come back from germany, and we had the catholic priest over, my mother was entertaining him with tea.
the challenge is, that possibly -- and the thing we might have to think about -- is that the future might not be north american, might not be western european.
what is fuzzy rope, you ask?
so here you see, from 1960 to 2010, the 50 years of our study.
i will come to it later.
imagine if i had to feel even a hundred other people's suffering.
it's not just that warren buffet was so amazingly generous in that historic act last summer.
it said yorktown on the stern.
so, if you hang out with unhealthy people, that's going to have a measurable impact over time.
i think 11 of the buildings they used dynamite, everything else was by hand. that was 10 weeks later.
they took him for lunch to a sandwich place in pasadena.
compassion is fun.
if you look out your window and you can see long's peak, you're probably familiar with it.
and one might have the impression that we really knew a lot about brains.
this will be a routine feature in a cell phone.
so, this, i think, is what the world needs now.
haydn remonstrated with the prince, but to no avail.
internet,computers,crime,global issues,technology
fantastically useful plant, both for protein and for medicine.
i explain chemical equilibrium using analogies to awkward middle school dances, and i talk about fuel cells with stories about boys and girls at a summer camp.
the uvc, the most energetic type, was occluded by the earth's atmosphere.
so if you look at most of the major free software projects, they have one single person in charge who everyone agrees is the benevolent dictator.
when that expression was coined, it was derisive -- like, oh, who would believe in a big bang?
okay, there's not a person in this room -- i don't care how techie you are -- there's not a person in this room that doesn't give their laptop or cell phone to a kid to help them debug it. ok?
so, 27 years ago i got a traffic ticket that got me thinking.
this is the drawing.
there are plenty of countries at war like afghanistan.
we have a site on google earth that google earth was generous enough to give us, and so forth, because we feel very much the need to tell this story, because it is such an immediate evidence of ongoing climate change right now.
ken went and ran his models, and found that it did.
and i understood that the building itself was a logo.
and the world population will stop growing.
when i first saw living cells in a microscope, i was absolutely enthralled and amazed at what they looked like.
but yeah, it has liberated us from the office desk.
and so, we reflect until we can sort of see that motherly expression in all beings.
this animation from my friends at proton studios shows looking at the big bang from the outside.
basically, you make an amplification in the lab, and then you get it to self-assemble into a structure like a battery.
can you convince them to work with a new toolbox, so that they can build a structure that will be important to me?
and for the good of your relationships, i would encourage you to do the same.
i had just written a book that celebrated our life on the internet and i was about to be on the cover of wired magazine.
he's focused on this hyena, and he is going to get it.
and of course, we had the metal halide lamps and fluorescent lamps and things like that.
which is to say, the full life -- the sum is greater than the parts, if you've got all three.
but you know, there is progress being made in places like cambodia and thailand.
we measured each one, we readjusted the model to what we measured, and then we led that to the current prototype.
a somatic cell, a body cell, was taken from its body, gestated in the ovum of a cow, and then that cow gave birth to a guar.
part of the problem is that the emergency planners themselves, personally, are overwhelmed psychologically by the thought of nuclear catastrophe.
and on my seventeenth birthday, after my fake eye exam, the eye specialist just noticed it happened to be my birthday.
notice people are applauding for us.
and woven throughout all of this is a message of learning to live in peace and harmony within ourselves, in our families, in our communities, between nations, between cultures, between religions and between us and the natural world.
one day a man told me, my future does not look brilliant, but i want to have a brilliant future for my son.
it was also a pretty good year for this guy.
but the advantage of that little bit of social discomfort is the fact that, when it comes to running under hot heat for long distances, we're superb, we're the best on the planet.
and these guys, the innovators and the early adopters, they're comfortable making those gut decisions.
here are some images from the film.
but the nice thing about visual illusion is we can easily demonstrate mistakes.
one's megan, the one of the right, and katja there.
we were in the papers, we're still in the news three years later, but, unfortunately, something tragic happened right after.
i was not planning on showing you any meat because, of course, half the book's meat and you probably all know what meats they are.
how does it work to make habitat for animals like me?
when jungian analyst inge missmahl visited afghanistan, she saw the inner wounds of war -- widespread despair, trauma and depression. and yet, in this county of 30 million people, there were only two dozen psychiatrists. missmahl talks about her work helping to build the country's system of psychosocial counseling, promoting both individual and, perhaps, national healing.
i wrote regulations for the united states -- i mean, i wrote oil spill regulations.
but are we to assume that the same brilliance and creativity and adaptability that got us up to the top of that energy mountain in the first place is somehow mysteriously going to evaporate when we have to design a creative way back down the other side?
and i don't know whether they actually saw crab in it, or imagined that one might be, but whatever the case, they would leap off the bottom and go through the water and land right on top of this coral head, and then the web between the arms would completely engulf the coral head, and they would fish out, swim for crabs.
when you open it up, it's going to go bing; it'll be on; it'll use it; it'll be just like it was in 1985, when you bought an apple macintosh 512.
well, much more than we think.
understand it. appreciate it. celebrate it.
and as you go up to the door, you know, let's check them off one at time.
a man has to be transported in a wheelbarrow 20, 30 kilometers for a hospital. no clean drinking water.
and that moment is right now, and those moments are counting down, and those moments are always, always, always fleeting.
if we let an unlimited amount of power loose, then we will -- a very small number of people will be able to abuse it.
here's a picture i took in the falkland islands of king penguins on a beach.
and yet it's only the retinal information that we get.
and she said, and where do, um, where do human women, like, where do women lay their eggs?
but then the company passes through this dark stage to this democrat.
and so you can imagine, here i was an analyst at a hedge fund.
here's a net in the sea, and the fish have been pulled from the sea into this net.
it's the primary harvard medical school teaching facility.
and then after that, you can take it off on assignments.
so here is one without a skin.
862
this is a headline from the daily telegraph in the u.k.
she explained that the father that she'd had would tell them he'd come and pick them up on sunday to go for a walk.
there's going to be a lot of cheap rocketry that's going to come online in about six or seven years that gets us into the low atmosphere very cheaply.
this will be a premiere today.
in 1995, we started working on a two-year investigative research project to try and find out what was going on.
start thinking of solitude as a good thing.
they have to be able to teach us something as well.
this is a ubiquitous tool.
that's on the software side. but what's interesting to me is that we haven't looked at this, as much. i mean, these machines are really not very high tech in my estimation in the sense that there's dozens and dozens of carcinogens in the water in silicon valley.
this is the word that it talks with.
then comes my favorite part of the question.
he would know what time the sun would rise, and what time it would set.
i believe also, our generation, our relationship to satisfying what we want is far less tangible than any other previous generation.
so i think this audience in particular can understand the importance of individuality.
but the most interesting thing about south africa is we don't have to wait for 2070 for there to be trouble.
a couple of weeks ago, i was looking at the latest projection for when china will have a larger economy than the united states.
ever see that little swiss army knife they have to fight with?
this was one of our first patients, chris.
and we're going to help him with this now.
i've got to tell you, for me, everything changed that evening.
they all happened to be captured on film spontaneously, by nhk of japan.
you come out of arrive at the airport, and you follow a big yellow sign that says trains and it's in front of you.
and thirdly, the question is, what will it do to actually how much people want it?
you can give the competing drug in too high a dose, so that people get side effects.
here's one of my fellow winners. that's charles paxton who won the 2000 biology prize for his paper, courtship behavior of ostriches towards humans under farming conditions in britain.
but that's only because i'm projecting it onto a flat surface.
and you want a leader who inspires and challenges and makes you want to be a better citizen. right?
not everyone can read music or owns a camera, but everyone can communicate in some way, and everyone has stories that the rest of us can learn from.
it's a question of what the citizens do.
so for me 5,000 degrees is pretty cool.
instead of serving family style, where you can sort of mindlessly eat as you're talking, they serve at the counter, put the food away, and then bring it to the table.
culture,mind,prison,storytelling
bloomberg was all about numbers, and we did big numbers through the space and the numbers were projected on a spectacular led that my partner, lisa strausfeld, programmed.
researchers take advantage of this fact by rigging up two rubber nipples, so that if a baby sucks on one, it hears a recording of its mother's voice on a pair of headphones, and if it sucks on the other nipple, it hears a recording of a female stranger's voice.
httpwww.ted.comtalkspaulserenodigsupdinosaurs.html
now even though we're combining the translations, the site actually can translate pretty fast.
a second later, with a big thumb and a well calloused forefinger, he had the scrotum firmly in his grasp.
if that belief turns out to be mistaken, it will make a difference.
i want to just briefly mention three reasons why my colleagues and i, in astronomy and in education, are so excited about the worldwide telescope and why we think it's truly transformative.
but uvb and uva especially, came in unimpeded.
209
and it felt like it was a very important thing to get to participate in.
people could not gather without getting busted and taken to jail.
but if you just think about the state of the world in 1993 -- in india at that time it was skyrocketing and nobody understood why, and everyone was actually very, very afraid.
and it's not any single system that makes the work.
his visual-motor coordination is quite poor, but you get a general sense of what are the regions that he's trying to trace out.
but we're also unimpressed by authority, because it's so easy to contrive.
he had been there and watched it go off.
and the job in question was sheep rancher.
and i'm going to be talking, to begin with, as i said, about diarrheal disease organisms.
so i said, yeah, i'll leave it here for two months.
data here's the first one.
so, we started parikrma.
your numbers are a bit out.
and i have to ask the question -- vc's always ask, sir, what is your business, and who is your customer?
i'm not for one minute suggesting that, if people are interested in hand calculating or in following their own interests in any subject however bizarre -- they should do that.
he actually had it also homologous on the right.
for example ...
well rationality is constructed by what christie hefner was talking about today, that mind-body split, you know?
and i was sitting side by side with one of our very courageous lawyers, and said, how can we get this out? how can we make sure that this is implemented?
it's also the very first letter of the word shalan, which means something just like the the english word something -- some undefined, unknown thing.
so i had two months to sit there and figure out different ways of what i was going to do in my next life, after i was a photographer, because they were going to fire me.